Ford Motor Company - Climate Change 2023
C0. Introduction
C0.1
(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Ford Motor Company is a global automotive company based in Dearborn, Michigan with 44 plants and about 173,000 employees worldwide. Our core business includes designing, manufacturing, marketing, financing and servicing Ford trucks, utility vehicles, and cars – increasingly including electrified versions – and Lincoln luxury vehicles. The company provides financial services through Ford Motor Credit Company, LLC (“Ford Credit”) which is wholly owned and fully consolidated. At the same time, Ford is pursuing leadership positions in electrification, self-driving, and connected vehicle services.
Contributing to a better world is a core value at Ford, and our commitment to sustainability is a key part of who we are as a company. Guided by our purpose to help build a better world where every person is free to move and pursue their dreams, our vision is to create a more dynamic and vibrant company that improves people’s lives around the world while creating value for all stakeholders. Ford is committed to being fully carbon neutral worldwide across our vehicles, facilities and suppliers by no later than 2050, and we are implementing science-based targets towards this ambition, in line with terms of the Paris Climate Agreement. The risks and opportunities associated with the changing climate are shaping the way we do business, from offering electrified versions of our popular models by investing more than $50 billion from 2022 through 2026, to a global carbon reduction strategy focused on powering our global facilities with 100% local zero carbon electricity by 2035. Ford is continuously rethinking the way we use energy at our manufacturing facilities and other sites to help address climate change. We’re creating high-performing, high-quality vehicles in environmentally and socially responsible ways, and reducing the effects of our operations and supply chains through world-class facilities. By using renewable and recycled materials in our vehicles, we’re reducing waste, using fewer natural resources and improving vehicle quality and performance. Beyond minimizing our impact on the environment, Ford is committed to creating a net positive contribution to society and the environment. Through our work in advancing our planet, we are contributing to the following UN SDGs – Good Health and Well-Being, Clean Water and Sanitation, Affordable and Clean Energy, Decent Work and Economic Growth, Sustainable Cities and Communities, Responsible Consumption and Production, and Climate Action.
Our environmental Aspirational Goals include achieving carbon neutrality globally no later than 2050, attaining zero air emissions from our vehicles and facilities, using 100% carbon-free electricity in all manufacturing plants globally by 2035, reaching true zero waste to landfill across our operations, eliminating single-use plastics from our operations by 2030, aspiring to use only recycled and renewable content in vehicle plastics, making zero water withdrawals for manufacturing processes, and aspiring to use freshwater for human consumption only; 2035 targets for our vehicles and manufacturing facilities have been approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi).
For us, mobility is about human progress and making people’s lives better in mature economies and major cities as well as helping solve problems in areas of the world that tend to be under-served by technological advances. We are reimagining what mobility will look like and foresee clean, smart vehicles communicating with each other, as well as the road infrastructure and public transit systems, orchestrated by open cloud-based platforms. We also promote safer behavior through a range of driver assist and semi-autonomous technologies. To help build a better world, we are doing our part to help meet the collective challenges the world faces across a range of sustainability issues and developing strategies to address them. We aim to earn trust, drive progress and make positive impacts. Ford has years of experience promoting supplier environmental disclosure through the CDP Supply Chain modules of the Climate Change and Water Security questionnaires. In 2022, Ford announced a strategic partnership with Manufacturer 2030 (M2030) to enhance supply chain sustainability, ran the Ford carbon neutrality campaign, joined the First Movers Coalition and announced targeted carbon neutrality initiatives for our European operations, logistics and direct suppliers. Ford was among the first American automakers to include its global supply chain on the M2030 platform. In the first phase of the partnership, Ford offered the voluntary platform to 3,000 Tier 1 global supplier sites; the initial campaign engaged suppliers that had not provided a carbon neutrality target to Ford. M2030 is a key program for Ford to help form realistic action plans to achieve our carbon neutrality goals.

C0.2
(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data and indicate whether you will be providing emissions data for past reporting years.
Reporting year
Start date
January 1 2022
End date
December 31 2022
Indicate if you are providing emissions data for past reporting years
Yes
Select the number of past reporting years you will be providing Scope 1 emissions data for
5 years
Select the number of past reporting years you will be providing Scope 2 emissions data for
5 years
Select the number of past reporting years you will be providing Scope 3 emissions data for
3 years
C0.3
(C0.3) Select the countries/areas in which you operate.
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Czechia
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
India
Ireland
Israel
Mexico
Morocco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Republic of Korea
Romania
Russian Federation
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan, China
Thailand
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
United States of America
Viet Nam
C0.4
(C0.4) Select the currency used for all financial information disclosed throughout your response.
USD
C0.5
(C0.5) Select the option that describes the reporting boundary for which climate-related impacts on your business are being reported. Note that this option should align with your chosen approach for consolidating your GHG inventory.
Operational control
C-TO0.7/C-TS0.7
(C-TO0.7/C-TS0.7) For which transport modes will you be providing data?
Light Duty Vehicles (LDV)
Heavy Duty Vehicles (HDV)
C0.8
(C0.8) Does your organization have an ISIN code or another unique identifier (e.g., Ticker, CUSIP, etc.)?
Indicate whether you are able to provide a unique identifier for your organization	Provide your unique identifier
Yes, a Ticker symbol
F
C1. Governance
C1.1
(C1.1) Is there board-level oversight of climate-related issues within your organization?
Yes
C1.1a
(C1.1a) Identify the position(s) (do not include any names) of the individual(s) on the board with responsibility for climate-related issues.
Position of individual or committee	Responsibilities for climate-related issues
Board-level committee
The Sustainability, Innovation and Policy Committee of the Board of Directors is comprised of 9 Directors (including our Executive Chair) and reports to the board on all climate-related issues. Its functions include:
• Reviewing and advising on the Company’s pursuit of innovative policies and technologies that promote product safety, improve environmental and social sustainability, and seek to enrich our customers’ experiences, increase shareholder value, and lead to a better world;
• Assessing the Company’s progress on strategic economic, product safety, environmental, and social issues, as well as the degree to which sustainability principles have been integrated into various skill teams;
• Reviewing the Company’s Integrated Sustainability and Financial Report Summary as well as any Company initiatives related to sustainability and innovation;
• Advising on the development of strategies, policies, and practices that assist the Company in addressing public sentiment and shaping policy in the areas of energy consumption, climate change, greenhouse gas and other criteria pollutant emissions, waste disposal, and water use; and
• Advising management on maintaining and improving sustainability strategies to create value consistent with the long-term preservation and enhancement of shareholder value and social well-being
With the committee’s guidance, Ford continued to meet the EU Non-Financial Reporting Directive in 2022 and is working towards meeting the mandatory 2025 UK climate risk Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. The Committee receives updates and provides input on Ford’s carbon neutrality strategies and our performance toward achieving key metrics with respect to Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions on a regular basis. The Committee also provided advice and guidance on the Company’s approval of science-based targets, adoption of a sustainability supplier code of conduct and human rights due diligence procedures, and efforts to utilize ESG financing opportunities to access growing levels of capital dedicated to ESG leveraging Ford’s capital markets platforms to advance our core sustainability strategy. Examples of this kind of financing include Ford’s second ESG bond, which was issued in 3Q 2022, and the renewal of Ford’s sustainability-linked revolving credit facilities in 2Q 2022.
C1.1b
(C1.1b) Provide further details on the board’s oversight of climate-related issues.
Frequency with which climate-related issues are a scheduled agenda item	Governance mechanisms into which climate-related issues are integrated	Scope of board-level oversight	Please explain
Scheduled – some meetings
Reviewing innovation/R&D priorities
Reviewing and guiding strategy
Overseeing and guiding the development of a transition plan
Monitoring the implementation of a transition plan
Overseeing the setting of corporate targets
Monitoring progress towards corporate targets
Overseeing and guiding public policy engagement
Overseeing value chain engagement
Reviewing and guiding the risk management process
<Not Applicable>
The Sustainability, Innovation & Policy Committee of the Board of Directors meets at least three times annually, to evaluate and advise on the Company’s pursuit of innovative practices and technologies that promote product safety, improve environmental and social sustainability, and seek to enrich our customers’ experiences, increase shareholder value, and lead to a better world. Their responsibilities include:
(1) Discuss and advise management regarding the development of strategies, policies, and practices that assist the Company in addressing public sentiment and shaping policy in the areas of energy consumption, climate change, greenhouse gas and other criteria pollutant emissions, waste disposal, and water use.
(2) Discuss and advise management on maintaining and improving sustainability strategies that create value consistent with the long-term preservation and enhancement of shareholder value and social well-being, including human rights, working conditions, and responsible sourcing.
(3) Review the Integrated Sustainability and Financial Report Summary as well as any Company initiatives related to innovation.
The Committee reports regularly to the Board (i) following meetings of the Committee, (ii) with respect to such other matters as are relevant to the Committee’s discharge of its responsibilities and (iii) with respect to such recommendations as the Committee may deem appropriate.
The Committee performs a review and evaluation, at least annually, of the performance of the Committee and its members, including a review of adherence of the Committee to its Charter. In addition, the Committee reviews and reassesses, at least annually, the adequacy of its Charter and recommends to the Nominating and Governance Committee any improvements to its Charter that the Committee considers necessary or appropriate.
As a specific example, the Committee reviews Ford’s carbon neutrality strategy and progress toward meeting our climate transition plans, including our Scope 1 and 2 emissions target to reduce GHG emissions in our operations by 76% by 2035 from a 2017 baseline, which is aligned with the SBTi 1.5°C pathway. The Committee also reviews our Scope 3 target to reduce emissions from the use of sold products by 50% per vehicle kilometer by 2035 from a 2019 baseline, which is consistent with the well-below 2°C path. Vehicle sector pathways for 1.5°C target setting have not yet been developed by SBTi but will be evaluated by Ford as soon as they are available. Additionally, the full Board of Directors reviews and guides the Company’s business plan and strategy, which incorporates the Company’s commitment to reduce CO2 through SBTi endorsed carbon reduction targets from operations, and the Compensation, Talent and Culture Committee of the Board of Directors approves performance goals and objectives under our incentive plans that support the Company’s business plan and strategy.
C1.1d
(C1.1d) Does your organization have at least one board member with competence on climate-related issues?
Board member(s) have competence on climate-related issues	Criteria used to assess competence of board member(s) on climate-related issues	Primary reason for no board-level competence on climate-related issues	Explain why your organization does not have at least one board member with competence on climate-related issues and any plans to address board-level competence in the future
Row 1	
Yes
Members of the Sustainability, Innovation and Policy Committee of the Board of Directors have experience advising the Company on the development of strategies, policies, and practices that assist the Company in addressing public sentiment and shaping policy in the areas of energy consumption, climate change, greenhouse gas and other criteria pollutant emissions, waste disposal, and water use.
Certain members also have experience serving on similar committees at other companies, overseeing environmental policy initiatives, and championing environmental initiatives in various industries.
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
C1.2
(C1.2) Provide the highest management-level position(s) or committee(s) with responsibility for climate-related issues.
Position or committee
Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO)
Climate-related responsibilities of this position
Developing a climate transition plan
Implementing a climate transition plan
Integrating climate-related issues into the strategy
Setting climate-related corporate targets
Monitoring progress against climate-related corporate targets
Managing public policy engagement that may impact the climate
Managing value chain engagement on climate-related issues
Assessing climate-related risks and opportunities
Managing climate-related risks and opportunities
Coverage of responsibilities
<Not Applicable>
Reporting line
CEO reporting line
Frequency of reporting to the board on climate-related issues via this reporting line
Quarterly
Please explain
Ford’s Chief Sustainability Officer is our Vice President of Environmental and Safety Compliance (E&SC) serves as Ford’s top environment, safety and human rights officer, responsible for implementing sustainability best practices throughout the Company and leading our global environment, human rights, and safety strategy, policy, and performance. The E&SC VP reports to the Chief Policy Officer and General Counsel, who in turn reports to the Chief Executive Officer.
As the CSO, the E&SC VP assists the Chair of the Sustainability, Innovation and Policy Committee of the Board of Directors in coordinating topics for review by the Committee and is responsible for delivering Sustainability Strategies including those in response to climate change. Topics are requested by the Board or recommended through various corporate forums as discussed below.
The E&SC VP also oversees the Sustainability, Homologation & Compliance (SH&C) group, the Environmental Quality Office (EQO), and the Automotive Safety Office (ASO). These departments oversee establishing strategies for and the delivery of Vehicle Safety, Stationary and Mobile Source Emissions and Compliance attributes for the company. In particular, SH&C and EQO coordinate the development and yearly review of Climate Change Strategy including progress toward meeting our SBTi approved emissions targets for GHG reduction in alignment with the Paris Climate Agreement to guide both product and facility actions to do our part for Climate Change initiatives. Our strategy is shaped by external factors, including government policies, physical risks such as extreme weather and other effects of climate change, market trends, and investor concern over climate change.
Additional governance forums: The Global Product Day forum is used to align on product strategic choices that lead to enterprise product capital allocation decisions and new businesses go-to-market strategies. The Executive People Forum enables us to review key people-related matters, leadership development and organization fitness elements of our business.
The E&SC VP leads the Global Sustainability & ESG Meeting (GSM), a multidisciplinary senior-level team to oversee actions in response to climate change, ESG strategy and sustainability aspirational goals. The meeting is scheduled to meet monthly to provide strategic direction for compliance, govern ESG compliance policies and strategies, evaluate and report sustainability business environment and impact to Ford, and provide guidance and governance for key Sustainability trends that enable “Leadership.” Our connection to other frameworks includes our TCFD, SASB, GRI, UNGC, UN Guiding Principles Reporting Framework and UN SDGs.
In 2022, Ford issued its inaugural Sustainable Financing Report, highlighting first-year actions guided by the Sustainable Financing Framework and an update on the allocation and impact of its inaugural sustainable bond issuance in 2021.
C1.3
(C1.3) Do you provide incentives for the management of climate-related issues, including the attainment of targets?
Provide incentives for the management of climate-related issues	Comment
Row 1	
Yes
The corporate performance goals for determining the cash awards for 2022 under the Company’s Annual Performance Bonus Plan (“Plan”) were designed to support the Company’s business plan and strategy, which incorporates our commitment to reduce CO2 through SBTi endorsed carbon reduction targets from operations and products.

Further, the individual performance factor that applies to awards under the Plan and to determining the size of equity awards is assessed on the individual’s success in driving and aligning with our Ford+ plan and corporate strategy, which can include efforts around sustainability, climate change, and other areas depending on each individual’s role.
C1.3a
(C1.3a) Provide further details on the incentives provided for the management of climate-related issues (do not include the names of individuals).
Entitled to incentive
Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO)
Type of incentive
Monetary reward
Incentive(s)
Bonus - % of salary
Salary increase
Shares
Retirement plan
Performance indicator(s)
Achievement of climate transition plan KPI
Progress towards a climate-related target
Achievement of a climate-related target
Implementation of an emissions reduction initiative
Reduction in absolute emissions
Reduction in emissions intensity
Energy efficiency improvement
Increased share of low-carbon energy in total energy consumption
Increased share of renewable energy in total energy consumption
Reduction in total energy consumption
Increased engagement with suppliers on climate-related issues
Increased supplier compliance with a climate-related requirement
Incentive plan(s) this incentive is linked to
Long-Term Incentive Plan
Further details of incentive(s)
The Chief Sustainability Officer's yearly compensation incentives are variable according to individual performance to objectives, many of which are directly or indirectly tied to climate improvements or climate transition plan delivery. For performance to those climate-related objectives, the CSO can receive financial compensation adjustments up or down for the bonus-% of salary, shares and salary increase incentive types identified.
Explain how this incentive contributes to the implementation of your organization’s climate commitments and/or climate transition plan
The Chief Sustainability Officer's team is responsible for delivering our aspirational goals and strategies including achieving carbon neutrality no later than 2050 among other objectives. The carbon neutrality goal includes eliminating Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, so higher performance in delivering greenhouse gas emissions reductions may yield increased financial compensation, thus an incentive to deliver climate improvements.
C2. Risks and opportunities
C2.1
(C2.1) Does your organization have a process for identifying, assessing, and responding to climate-related risks and opportunities?
Yes
C2.1a
(C2.1a) How does your organization define short-, medium- and long-term time horizons?
From (years)	To (years)	Comment
Short-term	
0
5
Short-term horizons are those situations or issues that need to be addressed immediately or in the short term. Examples include unexpected events such as changes in resource availability, changes in exchange rates or tariffs, and facility shut-downs (such as due to a severe weather event).
Medium-term	
5
10
Medium-term horizons allow for a complete product cycle plan rotation where consumer preferences and regulatory requirements are known, and time is available to consider alternatives for orderly implementation.
Long-term	
10
30
Long term horizons encompass long term strategic issues that require time to develop efficient and cost-effective solutions through research, technology development, and business strategy restructuring.
C2.1b
(C2.1b) How does your organization define substantive financial or strategic impact on your business?
  

The Enterprise Risk Management  (ERM) process is the model for how we run the company. Fully integrated into how we run the business, it enables us to monitor the changing global business environment for risks and opportunities – including those related to sustainability – and use this analysis to inform and adjust our strategies as needed. It also creates accountability for setting, tracking and reporting progress against our goals, objectives, revenue targets, and sustainability targets. This process ensures we implement sustainability-related risk assessments, planning, strategy implementation and performance reviews consistently across the organization. 



  In addition to sustainability governance, the ERM process includes our financial planning process that establishes a 5-year plan that is reviewed twice a year. The plan includes a downturn analysis (similar to the size of the 2008/2009 recession) as well as planning for events with potential substantive financial impact.  Ford Motor Company defines substantive financial impact on our business if the resulting deviation from planned earnings exceeds $250 million when identifying or assessing climate related risks. Such a reduction in revenue could be caused by a stop in production/sale of vehicles from labor issues, severe weather events, result from a regulation that would prohibit the sale of our products.

C2.2
(C2.2) Describe your process(es) for identifying, assessing and responding to climate-related risks and opportunities.
Value chain stage(s) covered
Direct operations
Upstream
Downstream
Risk management process
Integrated into multi-disciplinary company-wide risk management process
Frequency of assessment
More than once a year
Time horizon(s) covered
Short-term
Medium-term
Long-term
Description of process
IDENTIFY
Climate-related risks and opportunities are identified through two pathways. The first path is through the corporate Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process which, at least twice a year, identifies the top critical enterprise risks in all areas, including climate, through a survey of senior management and the Board of Directors. The second path is a bottom-up approach where Business Units and Skill Teams -- such as the Environment & Safety Compliance team – identify risks and opportunities at a regional or program level over the short, medium, and long term. The short- and medium-term risks and opportunities are generally identified by teams with responsibility for the corporate business and cycle plans on an ongoing basis, while long-term risks are identified by the strategic planning teams in annual reviews. Using this company-wide process enables risk/opportunity identification in all areas, including direct operations (e.g. facilities), upstream (e.g. suppliers), and downstream (e.g. customers).
ASSESS
All identified risks are assessed for substantive impact, that is, a deviation of greater than $250 million from planned earnings. The assessment process is carried out through a series of reviews, depending on where the risk was identified. The top risks identified by the ERM process are assigned an executive risk owner who is responsible to oversee risk assessment. The Enterprise Risk Management process also engages Business Units and Skill Teams to determine which of the enterprise risks are most relevant to their specific objectives, and identify any additional risks that can be managed at a lower level in the organization. Risks identified at the lower levels are brought to senior leadership for assessment through the Special Attention Review (SAR) process in the relevant Business Unit or Skill Team. The SAR meetings are held weekly at VP-level and review the status of the identified risks and opportunities in the areas of compliance, reporting, operating, and strategic risks, including strategic risk related to environmental and social sustainability. Climate-specific risks/opportunities are also addressed at the monthly Global Sustainability Meeting, a multidisciplinary senior-level team to oversee actions in response to climate change and sustainable mobility strategies. The meeting is scheduled monthly to provide strategic direction for compliance, govern vehicle environmental compliance policies and strategies, evaluate and report sustainability business environment and impact to Ford, approve and govern long-term goals & metrics, and provide guidance and governance for key Sustainability trends that enable “Leadership.”
RESPOND
Once the risks or opportunities are identified and assessed to be substantive, the response is developed. The ERM executive risk owner develops mitigation plans and provides regular updates, approximately quarterly. The SAR is used to develop specific plans to address those risks and opportunities.

As an example, the risk of emerging regulations for CO2 emissions from our direct operations was identified by the Environment and Safety Compliance team. The risk was assessed to be substantive at the VP's SAR and a cross-functional response team was convened. The STAR method was used to describe the following response:

Situation: CO2 regulations are likely to be forthcoming for stationary sources.
Task: Develop a strategy that reduces both Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions and will be robust under future regulations.
Action: The policy analysts determined regulations were likely to require a CO2 reduction pathway consistent with 1.5°C. The research team developed 1.5°C science-based targets. The Environment and Safety Compliance team worked with Ford Land to develop a global strategy for efficiency improvements, and procurement of low-carbon energy to meet the targets. The strategy was reviewed at the executive level in the SAR/ERM and GSM forums.
Result: Ford adopted robust targets of 100% low-carbon electricity for all operations (non-manufacturing and manufacturing) by 2035 and 76% reduction in Scope 1+Scope 2 emissions CO2 from all operations (non-manufacturing and manufacturing) by 2035 (approved by SBTi). Following the 1.5°C pathway gives confidence we are prepared to meet future regulations such as what the European Union may issue in its drive for carbon neutrality by 2050.
C2.2a
(C2.2a) Which risk types are considered in your organization's climate-related risk assessments?
Relevance & inclusion	Please explain
Current regulation	
Relevant, always included
Climate-related current regulation risk is relevant because it is directly related to meeting product emission targets or sales volumes for environmentally friendly vehicles. We must comply with global greenhouse gas, fuel economy, and zero emission vehicle regulations which require significant ongoing improvements to our vehicles and increasing volumes of zero emission vehicles. We are subject to fines if we don’t meet the regulatory standards. Ford's investment of more than $50 billion in EVs and batteries through 2026 will also support continued regulatory compliance,

Example 1 : EU Regulation 2019/631 and UK Statutory Instrument (SI) 2021/1242 set CO2 emission performance standards for new passenger cars and new light commercial vehicles. All manufacturers must ensure that the average CO2 emissions of their passenger car and light commercial vehicle fleets do not exceed the WLTP limits. Fords electrification implementation plan is progressing well and created for 2021 a surplus on Ford credits which in an open pool with VW were transferred to enable VW to meet the EU&UK CO2 regulations for the year 2021 to reach compliance. Not meeting the target would result in a fine for each gCO2/km beyond the limit, multiplied by the number of vehicles in the relevant year.

Example 2: The European Emission Trading Scheme (EU ETS) operates in 30 countries focusing on CO2 emissions from industrial sources. Ford is directly affected by the EU ETS and the UK equivalent UK ETS in our plants in Dagenham, Dunton, Valencia, Cologne Vehicle Operations and Saarlouis powerplant, where we measure, report and verify our emissions in accordance with the scheme rules. We established and maintain an accurate emission measurement and robust reporting procedure to ensure we have enough allowances to cover our emissions and avoid costly purchases of additional allowances. Our energy efficiency improvements reduce the amount of allowances needed.
Emerging regulation	
Relevant, always included
In major markets where Ford conducts business (N. America, China, Europe, etc.), governments have vehicle fuel economy and/or greenhouse gas standards for both vehicles and facilities and continue to set increasingly stringent standards. Therefore, it is always relevant to our business to evaluate proposed regulations to ensure our products and facilities will be compliant, and that policies are in place to support the EV transition. In the following examples, our electrification strategy could be at risk for a successful transition if complementary regulations are not set to support development of EV charging infrastructure, provide customer education and purchase incentives, and limit the CO2 emissions of the electric grid.

Ex. 1: California’s Advanced Clean Truck Initiative seeks to electrify medium/heavy duty trucks. Depending on how these requirements are phased in they could result in multiple investments in new vehicle programs each requiring tens to hundreds of millions of dollars depending on the degree of change required. In cases such as these Ford seeks requirements be phased-in so that environmental goals are reached in an investment efficient way that aligns with product change cadences.

Ex. 2: The European Green Deal is a set of policy initiatives by the European Commission with the future vision to be climate neutral in 2050. For example, the regulators propose passenger cars CO2 targets to be reduced by 100% by 2035 demanding a higher share of electrified vehicles. Not complying with future CO2 targets could lead to high financial penalties. In Europe, Ford is targeting 100% BEV passenger vehicles by 2030 and is aiming to reach 100% ZEV for all light commercial vehicles by 2035. In Ford of Europe we have also an accelerated carbon neutrality target of 2035 for our own manufacturing, our direct suppliers and logistics. Seven new all-electric, fully-connected Ford passenger and commercial vehicles will be rolled out in Europe by 2024.

Ex. 3: The UK government's Net Zero Strategy will adopt a zero-emission vehicle (ZEV) mandate for its future regulatory CO2 regime. A ZEV mandate will require that a certain percentage of manufacturer sales each year are zero emission, increasing from 2024 to 100% in 2035. Ford is targeting 100% BEV passenger vehicles already by 2030 and is aiming to reach 100% ZEV for all commercial vehicles through 2035.
Technology	
Relevant, always included
Technology is always included and relevant because hardware and software solutions need to be available in a timeframe that allow us to meet our CO2 reduction goals in a cost-effective manner. As we make further CO2 reductions, it becomes increasingly more challenging and costly to continue making incremental improvements because the technology that is simplest to implement has already been utilized. Additionally, technology may not be available to make the improvements at the rate required to meet regulatory or internal requirements.

Example 1: We are subject to the capacity of the battery production sector, which may not be advancing as quickly as demand from Ford and other OEMs. Battery technology risks include not only the production infrastructure but the underlying global supply of raw materials such as lithium and cobalt. Any battery technology gap brings with it the risk that we might have to limit EV sales, unable to meet market demand because the supply isn’t in place. In 2021 we created Ford Ion Park, a global battery center of excellence that will allow Ford to quickly scale breakthrough battery cell designs with novel materials once the company vertically integrates battery cells and batteries.

Example 2: The current charging infrastructure roll-out in Europe as well as the forecast for implementing additional charging infrastructure by 2030 is not sufficient to meet future demand. Investment of all stakeholders is needed to develop a sustainable growing EV market and to reach the defined environmental goals.

Legal	
Relevant, always included
Ford faces several sources of climate-change-related legal risk. As environmental laws requiring emissions reductions become stricter over time, Ford will manage risk of noncompliance and potential for regulatory enforcement actions. Such actions can result in monetary fines, costly mitigation actions, and vehicle recalls. Moreover, corporations are facing growing requirements regarding climate change in matters concerning corporate disclosures. Most notably, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission will soon expand existing corporate disclosure requirements to include risks and actions related to climate change. Mitigation of enforcement risk can involve a number of potential strategies, including efforts to reduce regulatory complexity, effective communications with regulators, and implementation of more robust planning and compliance processes. Additionally, corporations face some risk from private causes of climate action, aimed at changing corporate practices; this requires diligent monitoring and Ford reduces this risk with pro-active efforts to implement best practices and to engage stakeholders to address concerns before any litigation.
The voluntary California Framework Agreement represents an example of mitigating legal risk by reducing regulatory complexity. As it became clear that One National Program for fuel economy and GHG standards was about to dissolve, we focused on the emerging risk of having to comply with two different sets of fleet average GHG standards. California and the states adopting California’s GHG standards would have one program, and other states would follow the Federal program. Having to meet different sets of GHG standards in different geographic areas would increase Ford’s planning and distribution complexity, giving rise to increased compliance risk. With competing regulatory and deregulatory efforts by different Administrations, and legal challenges, there was uncertainty about what vehicle emission standards would apply where and when. Ford decided to address this risk proactively by pursuing and signing a voluntary framework with California based on a nationwide fleet average structure. When California sued the federal government over its new rules, many other automakers joined the litigation against California. Ford did not. Ford had reduced its regulatory complexity by entering into the voluntary framework agreement with California and did not need to rely on litigation to resolve the regulatory issues.
Market	
Relevant, always included
The risks and opportunities associated with climate change shape the way Ford does business, including our Ford+ plan for growth and value creation and our global carbon reduction strategy focused on reducing emissions from our vehicles, operations, and supply chain no later than 2050, backed by interim science-based targets the company will achieve by 2035. The electrification of our fleet is essential to reduce our vehicle emissions. Ford is investing more than $50 billion from 2022 through 2026 in EVs and battery components. We are on track to deliver an annual run rate of 600,000 EVs globally by the end of this year and 2 million globally by the end of 2026. Demand for Ford’s first-generation electric vehicles – Mustang Mach-E, F-150 Lightning, and E-Transit – is strong and the company continues to expand production capacity.
Even so, market conditions impact Ford’s ability to scale EVs, including lingering supply chain instability and reliance on critical minerals like lithium, cobalt, nickel, graphite and manganese for EV batteries. The sustainable growth of EVs is also constrained by external factors like available and reliable public charging infrastructure, carbon-free electricity, consumer education about the benefits of EVs and widening income inequality that limits access to clean transportation. Ford’s strategy to overcome these market constraints include directly sourcing raw materials at the mine level, building North America’s largest public charging network, advocating for public policies that support the adoption of EVs and investing in carbon-free electricity.
For example, in Michigan, Ford announced the largest renewable energy purchase through a utility in U.S. history, adding 650 megawatts of new solar energy in Michigan for Ford. The agreement with DTE ensures that by 2025, every Ford vehicle manufactured in Michigan will be assembled with the equivalent of 100% carbon-free electricity, 10 years earlier than Ford’s global goal. In North America, Ford invested over $7.1 million in facility upgrades for energy efficiency and conservation. Globally, Ford incorporated 64.6% carbon-free electricity into its manufacturing operations, including all purchased electricity for manufacturing in Europe and Mexico.
Reputation	
Relevant, sometimes included
Climate-related reputation risk is relevant as it is often tied to other risks such as reducing environmental, social and governance issues associated with accessing the battery raw materials needed to scale EVs. As the company transitions to a greater mix of EVs, we expect to increase our reliance on lithium, cobalt, nickel, graphite and manganese. The extractions of these materials are at times criticized in terms of human rights as well as environmental aspects.

Ford’s strategy to overcome these reputational impacts include working directly with mining companies to secure raw materials aligned with Ford’s environmental, social and governance policies, introducing new sustainability and human rights requirements into its sourcing agreements, conducting third-party audits and training its suppliers and investing in localized EV and battery manufacturing.

Ford’s Supply Chain Sustainability team conducts an annual risk assessment of nearly all of our approximately 4,500 Tier 1 supplier sites around the world. Based on this assessment, we conduct audits on the highest risk suppliers. As a member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), we use its Validated Audit Protocol (VAP) to assess labor, health and safety, management systems, ethics and environmental issues in our supply chain. Additionally, we conduct site-level supplier Sustainability Self-Assessment Questionnaires (SAQs) aligned with the Automotive Industry Guiding Principles. We use the SAQ to determine supplier policy gaps with our Supplier Code of Conduct. When gaps or corrective actions are identified in any of our supplier audits or SAQ responses, we provide our suppliers with tools and training from the RBA to support their continual improvement. We also provide training locally to our suppliers based in countries with higher risk of forced labor, to ensure they recruit ethically.

In 2021, Ford initiated EV and battery supply chain mapping and auditing to better understand the origins of raw materials in its EV supply chain, including nickel, lithium, cobalt and graphite. To date, the project has conducted 30 supplier audits along these four critical mineral battery supply chains at all tiers to the mine site.
Acute physical	
Relevant, sometimes included
We consider acute physical risks as relevant in our climate change assessments. Evaluating this type of risk is dependent on the topic. For facilities that may be in zones with a higher risk of water stress or floods from an analysis using the WRI Aqueduct data source, such as our manufacturing sites in Vietnam or Turkey, actions are taken to ensure continued availability of water to minimize production disruptions.
Example of acute physical risk: Purchasing operations engages in an organization wide Supply Risk Management process that focuses on strategic and tactical planning to minimize disruption for the Ford vehicle and component assembly plants due to supply chain events. We used these tools to understand the potential business disruption exposure of major catastrophic weather events, such as typhoons hitting the Philippines, flooding in Germany, and ice storms in Texas. Disruption to the supply chain can result in significant production losses at our vehicle assembly plants, as well as incremental costs to expedite shipping of components to our plants. We assess the risks each of our facilities faces based on continuously updated data and consider the risk of exposure to hurricanes, tornadoes, other storms, flooding, heatwaves, water stress and wildfires. These potential disruptions to production include climate change-induced weather events or other natural or man-made disasters. Our supply risk strategy has continued to evolve with the launch and development of new predictive tools developed internally. Ford implemented an N-Tier Supply Mapping and Risk Sensing solution which provides a consolidated reporting view of Ford’s multi-tier supplier network, supplier risk scores, category risk scores and daily risk events in the form of user interactive visuals. In addition, a predictive tool is being developed the Ford Global Data Insight & Analytics team. This system, named Supplier Performance and Risk (SPR), allows us to monitor a host of predictive data inputs to mitigate potential supply disruptions. Ford has made over $10 million in research and capital investments since 2000 to implement the supply chain monitoring program and N-Tier assessment tools.
Chronic physical	
Relevant, sometimes included
Where appropriate, chronic physical risks are considered in our climate change assessments. Evaluating this type of risk is dependent on the topic.

We have also identified that approximately 21 percent of our global sites are at risk for water stress based on the WRI Aqueduct analysis. Water availability is a local issue, therefore, we conducted our analysis using detailed watershed-level and consumption data. According to our analysis, about 21 percent of our operations are located in regions that are now or will be considered to be at risk for water stress over the long term trend to 2050. To address this issue, Ford implemented a water reduction strategy to reduce water utilization at all manufacturing facilities with special attention to prioritize reduction of potable water sources at our facilities at risk for water stress based on the WRI Aqueduct analysis. Ford also engages suppliers to take similar actions at their facilities.
C2.3
(C2.3) Have you identified any inherent climate-related risks with the potential to have a substantive financial or strategic impact on your business?
Yes
C2.3a
(C2.3a) Provide details of risks identified with the potential to have a substantive financial or strategic impact on your business.
Identifier
Risk 1
Where in the value chain does the risk driver occur?
Upstream
Risk type & Primary climate-related risk driver
Acute physical	Heavy precipitation (rain, hail, snow/ice)
Primary potential financial impact
Decreased revenues due to reduced production capacity
Climate risk type mapped to traditional financial services industry risk classification
<Not Applicable>
Company-specific description
Global climate change has the potential to lead to increased extreme precipitation events that produce ice or flooding which can disrupt production either directly or through interruptions to the supply chain. In 2021 an acute weather event, Winter Storm Uri in the United States, caused significant disruption to supplier facilities due to ice and subfreezing temperatures causing widespread power outages. Over 500 parts and dozens of Tier 1 suppliers were impacted by raw material shortages. These suppliers provided parts for most of our Ford North American assembly plants including: Kentucky Truck Plant and Louisville Assembly (both in Kentucky); Michigan Assembly Plant, Dearborn Truck Plant, and Flat Rock Assembly (Michigan); Kansas City Assembly Plant (Missouri); Oakville Assembly (Ontario); and Cuautitlan Assembly and Hermosillo Assembly (Mexico). Additionally, Ford has both direct operations plants and suppliers' facilities in areas at the risk of flooding. A study using WRI Aqueduct showed 14 Ford sites representing 11% of production are located in high flood risk river basins, primarily in Mexico (Chihuahua Engine Plant), Turkey (Kocaeli Assembly Plant) and Vietnam (Ford Vietnam Assembly).
Time horizon
Short-term
Likelihood
About as likely as not
Magnitude of impact
Medium
Are you able to provide a potential financial impact figure?
Yes, a single figure estimate
Potential financial impact figure (currency)
16709000
Potential financial impact figure – minimum (currency)
<Not Applicable>
Potential financial impact figure – maximum (currency)
<Not Applicable>
Explanation of financial impact figure
An example of a possible financial impact due to an acute weather event could be lost production due to either a Ford facility or a supplier facility production being disrupted. The Hermosillo, Mexico plant produced over 255,500 vehicles in 2022 (Bronco Sport and Maverick), 9.6% of North American production. If Hermosillo production was stopped due to the unavailability of parts, vehicle wholesales could decrease. A week long shutdown of a production facility and ensuing loss of wholesales could possibly, on average, incur a 9.6% reduction in North American earnings before interest and taxes ($16.7 million weekly, based on 2022 EBIT), assuming production of those products could not be moved to another facility.
Cost of response to risk
10000000
Description of response and explanation of cost calculation
Purchasing operations engages in an organization-wide Supply Risk Management process that focuses on strategic and tactical planning to minimize disruption for the Ford vehicle and component assembly plants due to supply chain events, including acute climate-related situations.

Case Study
SITUATION: Global supply chain is subject to natural, weather, and man-made risks

TASK: Identify a solution for minimizing disruption to Ford vehicle and component assembly plants due to supply chain events

ACTION: Ford implemented an N-Tier Supply Mapping and Risk Sensing solution which provides a consolidated reporting view of Ford’s multi-tier supplier network, supplier risk scores, category risk scores and daily risk events in the form of user interactive visuals. In addition, a predictive tool is being developed the Ford Global Data Insight & Analytics team. This system, named Supplier Performance and Risk (SPR), allows us to monitor a host of predictive data inputs to mitigate potential supply disruptions.

RESULT: Beginning in 2022, we used these tools to understand the potential business disruption exposure of daily risk events including storms, tornadoes, and tsunamis. Suppliers are alerted within 24 hours of an event hitting the platform, supplier responses are codified and triaged for action within 5 days (working to reduce to 2 days).

Explanation of cost: $10+ million is our cumulative investment since 2020 which includes research expenses to develop models, acquire data, engineer software and the scientists’ and engineers’ salaries. Also included is capital investments for computing hardware to run the tools and 3rd party development costs. Ford investment to implement the Supply Performance and Risk monitoring program and sub-Tier assessment tools. The N-Tier system enables us to assess the risks each of our and our suppliers’ facilities faces based on continuously updated data and take into account the risk of exposure to hurricanes, tornadoes, other storms, flooding, heatwaves, water stress and wildfires. When the platform identifies risks, the system notifies suppliers, who respond with their status. The supplier status data are used to identify any disruptions and enable mitigation actions within 5 days. A future collaboration platform under development will allow for instant communication which will reduce the alert and response time to hours.


Comment
C2.4
(C2.4) Have you identified any climate-related opportunities with the potential to have a substantive financial or strategic impact on your business?
Yes
C2.4a
(C2.4a) Provide details of opportunities identified with the potential to have a substantive financial or strategic impact on your business.
Identifier
Opp1
Where in the value chain does the opportunity occur?
Downstream
Opportunity type
Products and services
Primary climate-related opportunity driver
Development and/or expansion of low emission goods and services
Primary potential financial impact
Increased revenues resulting from increased demand for products and services
Company-specific description
In 2020, when Ford committed to being carbon neutral globally by 2050, we had announced only three electric vehicle models, and none were in production. Now those three EVs – the Mustang Mach-E, the F-150 Lightning, and the E-Transit -- are being sold globally. In November 2022 Ford produced the 150,000th Mustang Mach-E. Over the past three years, the urgency of responding to climate change has continued. The opportunity to continue developing EVs is driven by both customer demand and regulatory standards. On the customer side, in the U.S., we are now the number two EV company. In 2022, our EV sales grew at about twice the rate of the industry with more than 60% of our sales to customers new to Ford. Regulations in the European Union require EVs in order to meet the 100% emission reduction target for new cars and vans by 2035. To meet the customer demand and internal and external the climate-based vehicle emission reduction targets, we are targeting an annual run rate of 600,000 EVs by late 2023 and more than 2 million by the end of 2026. By 2030, we expect half of our global vehicle sales volume will be electric. To meet the opportunity we are developing new EVs. In 2022 we announced 7 EVs for the European market by 2026 including the E-Transit Custom commercial van in 2023 and an electric version of the Ford Puma passenger car in 2024.
Time horizon
Short-term
Likelihood
Virtually certain
Magnitude of impact
High
Are you able to provide a potential financial impact figure?
Yes, a single figure estimate
Potential financial impact figure (currency)
391400000
Potential financial impact figure – minimum (currency)
<Not Applicable>
Potential financial impact figure – maximum (currency)
<Not Applicable>
Explanation of financial impact figure
Ford sold 61,575 EVs in the U.S. in 2022 (Mustang Mach-E, F-150 Lightning and E-Transit). In the U.S., more than 60% of our U.S. EV sales were to customers new to Ford. We sold 15,617 F-150 Lighting pickup trucks in 2022 following its launch in May. If 60% of those sales were customers new to Ford, that is an increase of 9370 vehicles sold. The manufacturer’s suggested retail price for the F-150 Lightning Pro model in 2022 was $41,769. That leads to a potential financial opportunity impact of $41,769 x 9370 = $391.4 million increase in revenue. We have opportunities for attracting more new Ford customers with our future EV models, including E-Transit Custom commercial vehicle in Europe which begins production in 2023. We note that opportunity is limited somewhat because our current customers may substitute a new EV purchase for a conventional gas or diesel vehicle, giving a relatively neutral financial impact.
Cost to realize opportunity
50000000000
Strategy to realize opportunity and explanation of cost calculation
Case study
SITUATION: Demand for electric vehicles will increase.
TASK: Identify a strategy for launching desirable EVs.
ACTION: Developed an EV strategy that plays to our strengths by electrifying the iconic nameplates that our customers love and value. We focus on higher volumes and lower complexity to achieve scale and maximize margins per vehicle.
RESULT: We have launched three EVs with iconic models: Mustang Mach-E SUV in 2020, followed by the E-Transit commercial van and the F-150 Lightning pickup truck in 2022. These three iconic models have resonated with customers. In 2022, the F-150 Lightning was America’s best-selling electric pickup. The 2022 E-Transit was the top-selling electric van in the U.S. with a 73% market share and was the best-selling European EV in the two-ton segment, with a 25% share of the market. Mustang Mach-E was the second best-selling electric SUV in America with more than 150,000 vehicles produced in 2022.
Cost to realize opportunity. Ford is investing more than $50 billion globally in electric vehicles and batteries from 2022 to 2026 to develop breakthrough EVs. The company plans to manufacture at a run rate of 600,000 EVs globally by late 2023 and 2 million by 2026.
For example, investment in the F-150 Lightning, built at the ultra-modern Rouge Electric Vehicle Center (REVC) in Dearborn, Michigan, totals $950 million. Ford’s total investment in Michigan for F-150 Lightning totals more than $1 billion, spread among five Ford plants in the state, including Van Dyke Electric Powertrain Center, where Lightning electric motors and electric transaxles are assembled, and Rawsonville Components Plant, where Lightning batteries are assembled. In Europe, investment in two new passenger EVs to be built at the Cologne Electrification Centre in Germany is expected to be $2 billion, including a new battery assembly facility.
Included in the $50 billion is $2.5 billion in sustainable financing through our first Green Bond. About 83% of the Green Bond spending was invested into our current EV lineup and to EVs in the design and development phase. The other 17% was allocated to development that will benefit our entire EV portfolio, including eDrive motors and the unique tech stack architecture required for electric vehicles. About $55 million of spending was allocated to Ion Park, our Battery R&D Center in Michigan.
Comment
Identifier
Opp2
Where in the value chain does the opportunity occur?
Direct operations
Opportunity type
Resource efficiency
Primary climate-related opportunity driver
Move to more efficient buildings
Primary potential financial impact
Reduced indirect (operating) costs
Company-specific description
Ford has a global Carbon Reduction Strategy with a goal to reduce our absolute tCO2e emissions by 76% from all our operations (manufacturing and non-manufacturing) by 2035. We also have a manufacturing specific Carbon Reduction Strategy to reduce our absolute tCO2e by 18% from all our manufacturing locations by 2023 from at 2017 baseline. One element of the strategy to achieve these goals is the continued focus on reducing the overall energy footprint of Ford Motor Company facilities. The Ford Energy Management Operating System (EMOS) is Ford's global standardized process for managing and driving energy efficiency at our facilities; the operating system is integrated into the Ford Production System (FPS) and establishes annual energy forecasts and targets for the global manufacturing facilities. Improving operational efficiency of existing manufacturing locations is a fundamental element of EMOS. Recently implemented efficiency actions at the following locations are an example of Ford's continued focus on improving operational efficiency: (1) LED lighting conversions at Cleveland Engine Plant, (2) Louisville Assembly Plant (LAP) compressed air optimization.
Time horizon
Short-term
Likelihood
Virtually certain
Magnitude of impact
Low
Are you able to provide a potential financial impact figure?
Yes, a single figure estimate
Potential financial impact figure (currency)
495253
Potential financial impact figure – minimum (currency)
<Not Applicable>
Potential financial impact figure – maximum (currency)
<Not Applicable>
Explanation of financial impact figure
Efficiency actions are evaluated against baseline conditions and potential savings for each proposed measure is determined based on the anticipated performance of the new equipment/system, the hours of operation, and the anticipated energy rates.
Cost to realize opportunity
2815221
Strategy to realize opportunity and explanation of cost calculation
Our strategy to realize the cost savings is to identify funding sources for energy efficiency projects including energy finance leasing (performance contracting), CI cost save projects, program spending, and prioritized facility spending. Most efficiency actions implemented in North America Manufacturing facilities are implemented as finance leases. The key principles and benefits of a finance lease are that they require no up-front investment by Ford, and they are typically developed to deliver a positive after-tax cashflow to Ford in each year of the agreement. A leased project is evaluated using life cycle cost analysis.
Comment
C3. Business Strategy
C3.1
(C3.1) Does your organization’s strategy include a climate transition plan that aligns with a 1.5°C world?
Row 1
Climate transition plan
Yes, we have a climate transition plan which aligns with a 1.5°C world
Publicly available climate transition plan
Yes
Mechanism by which feedback is collected from shareholders on your climate transition plan
We have a different feedback mechanism in place
Description of feedback mechanism
Finding a solution to the climate crisis requires meaningful participation from all of us, from government to environmental advocates and the private sector. Through regular dialogue with our stakeholders, we build trust, identify trends and emerging issues, and have the support we need to achieve our business goals and sustainability aspirations. As in recent years, a stakeholder team selected by Ceres provided recommendations for our future reporting and approach. Ford's responses to their recommendations are summarized in our Integrated Sustainability and Financial Report. We also have regular engagement with investors throughout the year where we answer their questions and request feedback and guidance to strengthen our plan.
Frequency of feedback collection
More frequently than annually
Attach any relevant documents which detail your climate transition plan (optional)
Our Integrated Sustainability and Financial Report as well as our Climate Change report detail our transition plan.
2023-climate-change-report.pdf
2023-Integrated-Sustainability-and-Financial-Report.pdf
Explain why your organization does not have a climate transition plan that aligns with a 1.5°C world and any plans to develop one in the future
<Not Applicable>
Explain why climate-related risks and opportunities have not influenced your strategy
<Not Applicable>
C3.2
(C3.2) Does your organization use climate-related scenario analysis to inform its strategy?
Use of climate-related scenario analysis to inform strategy	Primary reason why your organization does not use climate-related scenario analysis to inform its strategy	Explain why your organization does not use climate-related scenario analysis to inform its strategy and any plans to use it in the future
Row 1	
Yes, qualitative and quantitative
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
C3.2a
(C3.2a) Provide details of your organization’s use of climate-related scenario analysis.
Climate-related scenario	Scenario analysis coverage	Temperature alignment of scenario	Parameters, assumptions, analytical choices
Transition scenarios	IEA NZE 2050
Company-wide
<Not Applicable>
Parameters used in this scenario include policy, environment, social (population, activism), economy (GDP, EV sales), energy prices, and technology.
Assumptions: Policy: Assumes what-it-takes global policies are implemented to enable temperature stabilization at +1.5°C and attain net-zero. CO2 pricing rises rapidly in all regions. Environment: Severe weather events increase but are fewer and less severe than IEA STEPS scenario. Social: More local/personal environmental activism. Middle class constrained due to pressure on urban areas. Urbanization is a key driver. Increasing share of older population. Economy: Global economy grows ~ 3% and is driven by new industries providing green solutions and technologies. Energy prices: Oil demand drops by 30% by 2030 with prices ~$35 per barrel. Wind and solar power supply increases 41%. Technology: Speed of scaling up innovation is rapid. High government collaboration & support of R&D to reduce costs. ZEV sales are robust across markets.
Analytical choices: The time horizon for our scenarios is 2035-2045. The data are based on the IEA World Energy Outlook Net-Zero Emissions Scenario (NZE). This scenario is qualitative.
Physical climate scenarios	Customized publicly available physical scenario
Company-wide
2.1ºC - 3ºC
Parameters used in this scenario include policy, environment, social (population, activism), economy (GDP, EV sales), energy prices, and technology.
Assumptions: Policy: Assumes only policies already announced. CO2 pricing only where currently announced. Environment: Higher climate change effects and increasingly severe weather events; Social: Physical climate impacts drive urbanization. Middle class constrained due to pressure on urban areas. Increasing share of older population. Economy: Global economy grows ~ 3% per year; Increasing rebuilding costs from severe weather events slow economic growth. Energy prices: Oil demand rebounds, ~$82 per barrel. Wind and solar power supply increases 25%. Technology: Evolutionary growth leads to technologies getting slowly cheaper. ZEV sales lower than expected and primarily in advanced economies.
Analytical choices: The time horizon for our scenarios is 2035-2045. The data are customized from the IEA World Energy Outlook Stated Energy Policies Scenario (STEPS) which reaches >2.5°C by 2100, comparable to the IPCC RCP4.5 (1.1-2.6°C). This scenario is qualitative.
Physical climate scenarios	RCP 4.5
Company-wide
<Not Applicable>
Parameters and assumptions used in this scenario include (global averages listed here): temperature change (1.1-2.6°C by 2100), sea level rise (0.3-0.6 m by 2100), fossil-fuel carbon emissions (peaking ~2040, decrease ~50% 2000-2080), change in warm days (20% increase to 40%), change in cold days (7 % decrease to 2%). Data for water stress (withdrawals vs supply) and flooding data (extent and depth) are given on a regional level.
Analytical choices include our time horizon (2020, 2030, 2050). Data sources are the IPCC AR5 report, utilizing gridded global CMIP5 data to evaluate the physical changes at regional levels to assess the location-specific effects. The water stress and flooding data are from WRI Aqueduct. This scenario is quantitative.
Physical climate scenarios	RCP 8.5
Company-wide
<Not Applicable>
Parameters and assumptions used in this scenario include (global averages listed here): temperature change (2.6-4.8°C by 2100), sea level rise (0.5-0.8 m by 2100), fossil-fuel carbon emissions (continue rising at current rates), change in warm days (increase from 20% to 60%), change in cold days (decrease from 7% to < 1%). Data for water stress (withdrawals vs supply) and flooding data (extent and depth) are given on a regional level.
Analytical choices include our time horizon (2020, 2030, 2050). Data sources are the IPCC AR5 report, utilizing gridded global CMIP5 data to evaluate the physical changes at regional levels to assess the location-specific effects. The water stress and flooding data are from WRI Aqueduct. This scenario is quantitative.
C3.2b
(C3.2b) Provide details of the focal questions your organization seeks to address by using climate-related scenario analysis, and summarize the results with respect to these questions.
Row 1
Focal questions
What are our climate-related risks and their impact on the business?
What are our climate-related opportunities for the business?
How does our strategy address these risks and opportunities in terms of our:
Electrification Plan
Advances in Engine and Transmission Technologies
Enhancing Customer Experience
Considering a Just Transition and Climate Justice
Improving the Transportation Ecosystem
Migrating to Sustainable Materials
Transforming our own Operations
Decarbonization of the Supply Chain
Sustainable Financing
What are the implications of scenarios?
Is Ford's strategy resilient in the different scenarios?
Results of the climate-related scenario analysis with respect to the focal questions
Transition risks identified: new regulations with short timing cause product plan changes; lack of cost effective tech; more investment to accelerate potential carbon neutrality plan; non-compliance with requirements leading to fines; lack of market acceptance of electrified vehicles; reputation risk; resource scarcity for battery materials; lack of skilled workers.
Physical risks identified: increased extreme weather disrupting production or component supplies; water stress; flooding. In the RCP4.5 & RCP8.5 scenarios, we identified that >50% of our manufacturing sites are located in high water-stress locations, including our assembly plants in Valencia Spain, Cuautitlan Mexico, & Kocaeli Turkey, with continuing risk to 2050.
Climate-related opportunities identified: developing a portfolio of EVs transitioning away from internal combustion engines; driving scale and vertical (battery) integration in production is a financial opportunity; conserving battery materials (through recycling) and energy in operations; improved reputation by taking climate actions; electrification creating new jobs/skills gives opportunities to create more equal and resilient economies and communities. Under the NZE scenario, we identified the need to expand our EV strategy from 100% EV passenger cars by 2030 in Europe to 100% EV cars and vans in leading markets by 2035, and globally by 2040. We are investing $50 billion from 2022-2026 in EVs and batteries to achieve this strategy.
We use World Energy Outlook (WEO) scenarios to test the resilience of our strategy. Over the time horizon 2035-2045, we use WEO's two extreme scenarios. The Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS) does not take for granted that governments will reach all announced goals & reaches >2.5°C increase by 2100 with physical implications. The Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario (NZE) is a transition scenario which shows the global energy sector achieving net zero CO2 emissions by 2050.
STEPS is the most difficult scenario to develop strategies for since the environment and economy are challenging. Increasing extreme weather events are a clear threat but make it easier to gain multi-stakeholder support. Product, service, and supply chain diversification is critical to maintain resilience. Ford must accelerate work towards developing meaningful, market-driven policy solutions to address climate change with urgency. NZE presents technology opportunities as they align with environmental needs to deliver diverse solutions addressing climate change. Swift action is required due to heightened competition. Challenges exist in finding winners globally to achieve scale.
We evaluated each scenario against our strategies to assess our resilience to climate change and to confirm we are robust for potential futures, detailed in our Climate Change report. Based on the analysis, we believe we are investing in the appropriate technologies, products, and customer experiences to increase our resiliency with various outcomes.
C3.3
(C3.3) Describe where and how climate-related risks and opportunities have influenced your strategy.
Have climate-related risks and opportunities influenced your strategy in this area?	Description of influence
Products and services	
Yes
Our product and service plans through 2030 time horizon are influenced by climate change-related elements such as current and future CO2 regulations and changing market demand for mobility. Beyond 2030, our plans are also influenced by our commitment to the Paris Climate Agreement. These climate influences have resulted in our global product and service strategy in this decade, with strong investment in electrification and fuel efficiency.
For example, our most substantial decision made based on these influences is our electrification strategy, where we are investing $50 billion from 2022 through 2026 in electric vehicles including products such as the all electric Mustang Mach-E, F-150 Lightning, and E-Transit. We are on track to reach an annual targeted production run rate of 600,000 electric vehicles globally by the end of 2023, and 2 million by the end of 2026. Additionally, we have joined the RouteZero Coalition and are working towards 100% zero-emission cars and vans globally by 2040. In Europe Ford is targeting zero emissions for all vehicle sales and carbon neutrality across its European footprint of operations, logistics and direct suppliers by 2035. We are investing in battery development and driving efficiencies from our flexible EV architecture and modular technologies. As the transition to electrification occurs, we are also improving the efficiency of our hybrid and internal combustion engine products.
Enhancing the customer experience is a key part of our transition to electric vehicles. Consequently, we are prioritizing connected, all-electric vehicles with distinctive services that help people more easily manage their lifestyles and businesses. From remote pickup and delivery, to over-the-air software updates, to our partnership with Google, we aim to give our customers ample reason to switch to EVS. We also established Ford Pro, a global vehicle service and distribution business, which will help our commercial customers integrate all-electric E-Transit vans into their fleets through end-to-end charging solutions, business productivity tools, a network of commercial focused dealers, and simplified financing. Our detailed plan is in our Integrated Sustainability and Financial Report and our Climate Change Report.
Supply chain and/or value chain	
Yes
We rely on thousands of suppliers to provide materials, components, and services for our vehicles. By sharing what has worked well at Ford, we can help them cut costs, improve quality, and become more sustainable. We engage with our supply chain to understand our collective environmental footprint and work with selected suppliers through target setting and cascading best practices to reduce their carbon emissions, energy consumption, water use, and waste.
Our Supplier Code of Conduct mandates that all Tier 1 production suppliers minimize their impact on climate change aligned with the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (Paris Agreement), striving towards carbon neutrality. It also requires that our suppliers enforce a similar code of practice and require that their subcontractors do the same. The Supplier Code of Conduct requires suppliers to:
- Report their Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions and water usage data to Ford if requested.
- Establish science-based GHG reduction targets, action plans, and transparent reporting mechanisms.
This year we continued conducting the Ford supplier survey to identify each supplier's GHG reduction target. If they did not yet have a carbon neutrality (net-zero) target, they were required to submit their target by December 31, 2022. Those suppliers that did not submit a target by the launch of Manufacturer 2030 (M2030) in 2022 were invited to join M2030 first, to build a joint roadmap towards carbon neutrality. We have also established internal targets for increasing engagement with our supply chain partners, including building on our successful CDP Supply Chain reporting program and the M2030 program.
Investment in R&D	
Yes
Climate change affects current and future vehicles and led to our commitment to the Paris Climate Agreement beyond the regulatory timeframe. The climate risks include increased regulations to align with climate goals. The opportunities include more consumer demand for efficient and electric "green" vehicles. These influences have resulted in increased investment in global R&D to support EV implementation, light-weighting and other CO2 and fuel economy initiatives in through the 2030 time frame. The most substantial business decision is to invest in electrification R&D as part of our comprehensive $50 billion investment from 2022 through 2026 to add many new electrified vehicle (EV) solutions to our global portfolio. In 2022 we launched the all-electric F-150 Lightning pickup in the U.S. and the E-Transit EV van in U.S. and Europe. Our R&D budget has increased from $6.2 billion in 2013 to $7.8 billion in 2022, including research in electrification, fuel economy, hydrogen fuel cell vehicles and light-weighting, and batteries. From our first $2.5B Green Bond issuance in 2021, through August 2022 we allocated 17% to development activities that will benefit our entire EV portfolio. These investments include the development of eDrive motors that will power our existing and future EV lineup and the unique tech stack architecture required for electric vehicles. We have also allocated about $55 million of spending to Ion Park, our Battery R&D Center in Michigan.
Operations	
Yes
Our operational strategy has been influenced by climate particularly in operating locations where there are risks of floods and drought. We’ve developed our water strategy in the medium term time horizons (through 2030) to prioritize addressing our water use, supplier water use and community water issues in water-stressed regions identified using WRI Aqueduct and WWF Water Risk Filter. We are investing in water-saving technologies and process improvements across our global operations. One of the most substantial business decisions made was at our Ford Cuautitilan SAP in Mexico, where we have invested over $1.6 million dollars over 2009-2011 in water saving/reuse projects like WWTP recycling system, utilizing a gray water source and separation of drinking water from industrial recycled water. Wherever feasible, we take successful projects and mirror them in other locations. Our newest plants use a set of advanced and environmentally friendly technologies to dramatically cut water use such as implementing membrane biological reactors (MBR) and reverse-osmosis processes to recycle water from our on-site wastewater treatment plants in arid regions, such as at plants in Chihuahua and Hermosillo, Mexico; Pretoria, South Africa; and Chongqing, China. We assess the risks each of our facilities faces (with input from third-party engineers) at least annually. This risk assessment is updated based on new data and takes into account the risk of exposure to hurricanes, tornadoes, other storms, flooding and earthquakes.
Extreme weather has the potential to disrupt the production of natural gas, a fuel necessary for the manufacture of vehicles. Supply disruptions raise market rates and jeopardize the consistency of vehicle production. The magnitude of impact is significant in areas where there is extreme weather that could disrupt the production of natural gas.
C3.4
(C3.4) Describe where and how climate-related risks and opportunities have influenced your financial planning.
Financial planning elements that have been influenced	Description of influence
Row 1	
Revenues
Direct costs
Indirect costs
Capital expenditures
Capital allocation
Acquisitions and divestments
Access to capital
Indirect Costs:
Climate-related issues have an influence on our indirect cost strategy.
Our indirect costs for electricity have an influenced on our indirect cost strategy as we plan to address climate change by procuring low carbon electricity for all our facilities globally by 2035. Climate-related risks and opportunities such as procurement costs, energy costs, reliability, and legislation are a few of the factors that have influenced our financial planning with regards to procurement of carbon-free electricity by 2035. This time horizon began from 2019 and extends to 2035. We have contracted with DTE Energy in 2021 to procure additional, locally sourced renewable electricity (wind and solar) to power several of our Southeast Michigan facilities with 100% low-carbon electricity. We received approximately 473 GWh of renewable electricity from this contract in 2022. We are negotiating a new contract with DTE Energy to procure 100% low-carbon electricity for all SE Michigan facilities by Q4 of 2025. We have also contracted with Energy Harbor in 2020 to procure 100% low-carbon electricity (nuclear) for all operations in Ohio. We received approximately 413 GWh of low-carbon electricity from this contract in 2022. Ford is already using 100 percent low-carbon electricity to power all Ford facilities in UK, our facility in Craiova, Romania, and our site in Cologne, Germany. In 2022, Ford signed a 5-year contract with Acciona to supply all manufacturing facilities in Mexico (2022-2021) with 100% renewable electricity.

To address climate change, our indirect maintenance costs were influenced by including upgrades to more efficient systems to reduce energy use and CO2 emissions. In 2022, Ford also implemented energy efficiency projects including LED lighting conversions at Cleveland Engine Plant and compressed air optimization at Woodhaven Stamping Plant and Louisville Assembly Plant.

Climate change can also cause supply disruption events resulting in an influence of increased indirect costs for transportation. These increased costs can be due to premium logistics, an increase in internal resource allocation required to manage the events, and potentially increased costs of business interruption (including increased insurance for plant shutdowns). Although major climate related events affecting production are not frequent, given the unpredictability and potential impact on company financials, Ford continually evaluates risk mitigation strategies (i.e. supplier offsite inventory storage) where the business case makes sense. As the frequency of these events increase, ongoing financial provisions are necessary to plan and prepare for the mitigation efforts.

Actions taken to mitigate climate change such as water treatment facilities particularly in drought-prone areas or natural gas reserves may result in increased costs.

Our plans to meet the CO2 reductions required for climate stabilization call for significant vehicle electrification. This influence also increases indirect costs such as engineering salaries, research, development, and testing costs. From 2022 to 2026 we will invest $50 billion in electric vehicles (EVs) and batteries. Our 2022 Research, Engineering & Development budget was $7.8 billion, including research in electrification, batteries, hydrogen fuel cell vehicles and light-weighting. From our first $2.5B Green Bond issuance in 2021, through August 2022 we allocated 17% to development activities that will benefit our entire EV portfolio. These investments include the development of eDrive motors that will power our existing and future EV lineup and the unique tech stack architecture required for electric vehicles. We have also allocated about $55 million of spending to Ion Park, our Battery R&D Center in Michigan.
C3.5
(C3.5) In your organization’s financial accounting, do you identify spending/revenue that is aligned with your organization’s climate transition?
Identification of spending/revenue that is aligned with your organization’s climate transition	Indicate the level at which you identify the alignment of your spending/revenue with a sustainable finance taxonomy
Row 1	
Yes, we identify alignment with our climate transition plan
<Not Applicable>
C3.5a
(C3.5a) Quantify the percentage share of your spending/revenue that is aligned with your organization’s climate transition.
Financial Metric
Other, please specify (Over $50 billion in electric vehicles and battery components from 2022 - 2026)
Type of alignment being reported for this financial metric
Alignment with our climate transition plan
Taxonomy under which information is being reported
<Not Applicable>
Objective under which alignment is being reported
<Not Applicable>
Amount of selected financial metric that is aligned in the reporting year (unit currency as selected in C0.4)
3340000000
Percentage share of selected financial metric aligned in the reporting year (%)
100
Percentage share of selected financial metric planned to align in 2025 (%)
100
Percentage share of selected financial metric planned to align in 2030 (%)
100
Describe the methodology used to identify spending/revenue that is aligned
The investment supports our transition to a 1.5C by enabling the production and sales of electric vehicles. Electrification is the key pillar of our decarbonization strategy as use of sold products represents the majority of Ford's CO2 emissions. The investment allows for rapid scaling of global production of our first generation EVs (Mustang Mach-E, F-150 Lightning, E-Transit, Ford Explorer EV) and the development and manufacturing of our second generation EVs. Included in the more than $50 billion is our investment in BlueOval City, Ford’s all-new mega-campus in West Tennessee, that will build our next-generation electric truck in 2025. By 2030, electric vehicles are expected to account for half of Ford’s global sales. While we haven’t announced EV spend beyond 2026, we will continue to invest heavily to fund our ambitious EV plans and the transition to a zero-emissions transportation future.

C4. Targets and performance
C4.1
(C4.1) Did you have an emissions target that was active in the reporting year?
Absolute target
Intensity target
C4.1a
(C4.1a) Provide details of your absolute emissions target(s) and progress made against those targets.
Target reference number
Abs 1
Is this a science-based target?
Yes, and this target has been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative
Target ambition
1.5°C aligned
Year target was set
2018
Target coverage
Company-wide
Scope(s)
Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 2 accounting method
Market-based
Scope 3 category(ies)
<Not Applicable>
Base year
2017
Base year Scope 1 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
1384651.26
Base year Scope 2 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
3260242.39
Base year Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year total Scope 3 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Total base year emissions covered by target in all selected Scopes (metric tons CO2e)
4644893.65
Base year Scope 1 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 1
100
Base year Scope 2 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 2
100
Base year Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 15: Investments (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Other (upstream) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Other (downstream) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year total Scope 3 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3 (in all Scope 3 categories)
<Not Applicable>
Base year emissions covered by target in all selected Scopes as % of total base year emissions in all selected Scopes
100
Target year
2035
Targeted reduction from base year (%)
76
Total emissions in target year covered by target in all selected Scopes (metric tons CO2e) [auto-calculated]
Scope 1 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
1197738.53
Scope 2 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
1592243.49
Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Total Scope 3 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Total emissions in reporting year covered by target in all selected scopes (metric tons CO2e)
2789982.02
Does this target cover any land-related emissions?
No, it does not cover any land-related emissions (e.g. non-FLAG SBT)
% of target achieved relative to base year [auto-calculated]
Target status in reporting year
Underway
Please explain target coverage and identify any exclusions
This target covers 100% of all Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions from global manufacturing and non-manufacturing (office buildings) operations where we have operational control. Target was set in 2021 for 2035. Note that when this near-term target was approved by SBTi in 2021, the target year did not have to be set 5-10 years in advance. SBTi has stated that companies that already have validated SBTs are not required to update targets to meet the reduced time frame requirements.
Plan for achieving target, and progress made to the end of the reporting year
An original goal was set in 2010, aiming to reduce the company's global carbon dioxide emissions from manufacturing operations by 30 percent per vehicle produced by 2025. Ford achieved that goal in 2017, eight years ahead of schedule. A new goal has been developed using science-based methodology for 1.5C. With 2017 as the baseline year, our goal of 100% low-carbon electricity across all operations (manufacturing and non-manufacturing) gives us 76% reduction in Scope 1 + Scope 2 absolute tCO2e by 2035. SBTi approved this absolute CO2 reduction target as aligned with 1.5 degrees C on March 23, 2021. Progress: The 2017 base year emissions are 4,644,894 tCO2e. 76% of 4,644,893 is 3,530,119 tCO2e reduction required by 2035. In 2022, our S1+S2 (market-based) emissions are 2,789,982 which is 4,644,894 - 2,789,982 = 1,854,912 tCO2e lower than 2017. We have reduced 1,854,912 tCO2e out of the 3,530,119 tCO2e needed to meet the reduction target. 1,854,912 / 3,530,119 = 0.525 = 52.5% of the reduction target has been achieved.
There have been several emissions reductions initiatives conducted that have contributed to this target, such as increase in the use of low-carbon electricity, through direct contracts, Renewable Energy Credits (RECs), and Guarantees of Origin (GOOs). In 2022, Ford achieved 100% low-carbon electricity for its manufacturing locations in Mexico and Ohio. Effective June 1, 2021, Ford signed a new contract with its utility provider in Southeast Michigan and received 273,000 MWh of low-carbon electricity for its operations through a PPA. In 2022, Ford commissioned a rooftop solar project at Sacramento HVC with a system size of 700kW and annual solar production of 1106 MWh. It is anticipated to offset 90% of the electric load at Sacramento HVC. RECs (renewable energy certificates) will be provided to Ford by the third-party solar owner.
List the emissions reduction initiatives which contributed most to achieving this target
<Not Applicable>
Target reference number
Abs 2
Is this a science-based target?
No, but we are reporting another target that is science-based
Target ambition
<Not Applicable>
Year target was set
2018
Target coverage
Business activity
Scope(s)
Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 2 accounting method
Market-based
Scope 3 category(ies)
<Not Applicable>
Base year
2017
Base year Scope 1 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
1178317.36
Base year Scope 2 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
2798732.29
Base year Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year total Scope 3 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Total base year emissions covered by target in all selected Scopes (metric tons CO2e)
3977049.65
Base year Scope 1 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 1
100
Base year Scope 2 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 2
100
Base year Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 15: Investments (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Other (upstream) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Other (downstream) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year total Scope 3 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3 (in all Scope 3 categories)
<Not Applicable>
Base year emissions covered by target in all selected Scopes as % of total base year emissions in all selected Scopes
100
Target year
2023
Targeted reduction from base year (%)
18
Total emissions in target year covered by target in all selected Scopes (metric tons CO2e) [auto-calculated]
Scope 1 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
972758.84
Scope 2 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
1274590.41
Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Total Scope 3 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Total emissions in reporting year covered by target in all selected scopes (metric tons CO2e)
2247349.25
Does this target cover any land-related emissions?
No, it does not cover any land-related emissions (e.g. non-FLAG SBT)
% of target achieved relative to base year [auto-calculated]
Target status in reporting year
Achieved
Please explain target coverage and identify any exclusions
An original goal was set in 2010, aiming to reduce the company’s global carbon dioxide emissions from manufacturing operations by 30 percent per vehicle produced by 2025. Ford achieved that goal in 2017, eight years ahead of schedule. A new goal was developed using the science-based methodology. With 2017 as the baseline year, an absolute target was set for an absolute tCO2e reduction of 18% by 2023 for our global manufacturing facilities where we have operational control. There are no exclusions.
Plan for achieving target, and progress made to the end of the reporting year
<Not Applicable>
List the emissions reduction initiatives which contributed most to achieving this target
In 2022, the following emission reduction activities contributed the most to this target: Ford achieved 100% low-carbon electricity for its manufacturing locations in Mexico and Ohio.
C4.1b
(C4.1b) Provide details of your emissions intensity target(s) and progress made against those target(s).
Target reference number
Int 1
Is this a science-based target?
Yes, and this target has been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative
Target ambition
Well-below 2°C aligned
Year target was set
2020
Target coverage
Country/area/region
Scope(s)
Scope 3
Scope 2 accounting method
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3 category(ies)
Category 11: Use of sold products
Intensity metric
Grams CO2e per kilometer
Base year
2019
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 1 (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 2 (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
330
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Category 15: Investments (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Other (upstream) (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for Scope 3, Other (downstream) (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in base year for total Scope 3 (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
330
Intensity figure in base year for all selected Scopes (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
330
% of total base year emissions in Scope 1 covered by this Scope 1 intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 2 covered by this Scope 2 intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services covered by this Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods covered by this Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) covered by this Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution covered by this Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations covered by this Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel covered by this Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting covered by this Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets covered by this Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution covered by this Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products covered by this Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products covered by this Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products intensity figure
88
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products covered by this Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets covered by this Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises covered by this Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 15: Investments covered by this Scope 3, Category 15: Investments intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Other (upstream) covered by this Scope 3, Other (upstream) intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Other (downstream) covered by this Scope 3, Other (downstream) intensity figure
<Not Applicable>
% of total base year emissions in Scope 3 (in all Scope 3 categories) covered by this total Scope 3 intensity figure
78
% of total base year emissions in all selected Scopes covered by this intensity figure
78
Target year
2035
Targeted reduction from base year (%)
50
Intensity figure in target year for all selected Scopes (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity) [auto-calculated]
% change anticipated in absolute Scope 1+2 emissions
0
% change anticipated in absolute Scope 3 emissions
-49
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 1 (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 2 (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
310.6
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Category 15: Investments (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Other (upstream) (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for Scope 3, Other (downstream) (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
<Not Applicable>
Intensity figure in reporting year for total Scope 3 (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
310.6
Intensity figure in reporting year for all selected Scopes (metric tons CO2e per unit of activity)
310.6
Does this target cover any land-related emissions?
No, it does not cover any land-related emissions (e.g. non-FLAG SBT)
% of target achieved relative to base year [auto-calculated]
Target status in reporting year
Underway
Please explain target coverage and identify any exclusions
Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products (UoSP) is the dominant emission category for Ford Motor Company, representing the lifetime emissions of the vehicles we sell each year. In 2022, UoSP GHGs are 84% of scope 3 emissions, and 83% of scope 1+2+3 emissions. Our 2035 intensity target for the gCO2e/km emissions represents the fleet average well-to-wheels on-road CO2e of our vehicles sold each year. We calculate emissions targets for vehicles sold in our 3 major markets with robust regulatory data tracking (United States, European Union, and China). These regions represent about 88% of the UoSP absolute CO2e. Vehicle engineering improvements in these 3 main regions cascade to other regions where we operate, reducing emissions in the entire fleet. Our Scope 3 use of sold products intensity target was approved by SBTi on March 23, 2021. Our target is based on the well-below 2°C path in the SBTi transport tool. We are monitoring SBTi's plans for developing a 1.5°C pathway for the automotive sector after which they will start accepting target submissions from automakers again.
Plan for achieving target, and progress made to the end of the reporting year
From 2019 to 2022, our Scope 3 vehicle (use of sold products) well-to-wheels emissions intensity (gCO2e/km) decreased 5.9%, representing 11.8% of the needed reduction to reach our target of 50% reduction by 2035. This progress reflects a shift in vehicles sold toward more efficient and increasingly electrified vehicles. Compared to 2021, the vehicle fleet CO2 intensity (gCO2e/km) increased 2.5%, due to an increase in the share of heavy duty vehicles sold, which varies annually. Our plans for achieving this vehicle target include a transformation to an all-electric vehicle portfolio. Ford signed the ambitious RouteZero initiative in 2021, along with more than 50 businesses, cities and regions that have pledged to work together toward 100 percent zero-emission cars and vans globally by 2040, and in leading markets no later than 2035. Ford expects that 50% of our global vehicle sales will be EVs by 2030. All passenger vehicles sold in Europe will be all-electric by 2030, while two-thirds of commercial vehicle sales in Europe will be all-electric or plug-in hybrid by 2030. Ford is targeting 50% EV sales by 2030 in the U.S., as well. In 2022 Ford announced an increase in planned electrification spending to $50 billion by 2026, including investment in battery technology. In the U.S., Ford’s full year sales of electric vehicles hit a new record at 61,575 vehicles: 39,458 Mustang Mach-E, 15,617 F-150 Lightning EV, and 6500 E-Transit. In 2022 Ford was the second largest automaker of electric vehicles in America. In Europe, Ford will introduce three new electric passenger vehicles and four new electric commercial vehicles in Europe by 2024, including Puma Electric and E-Transit Custom, with plans to sell more than 600,000 electric vehicles in the region by 2026.
List the emissions reduction initiatives which contributed most to achieving this target
<Not Applicable>
C4.2
(C4.2) Did you have any other climate-related targets that were active in the reporting year?
Target(s) to increase low-carbon energy consumption or production
Net-zero target(s)
C4.2a
(C4.2a) Provide details of your target(s) to increase low-carbon energy consumption or production.
Target reference number
Low 1
Year target was set
2018
Target coverage
Company-wide
Target type: energy carrier
Electricity
Target type: activity
Consumption
Target type: energy source
Low-carbon energy source(s)
Base year
2017
Consumption or production of selected energy carrier in base year (MWh)
6828176.76
% share of low-carbon or renewable energy in base year
34.7
Target year
2035
% share of low-carbon or renewable energy in target year
100
% share of low-carbon or renewable energy in reporting year
53.66
% of target achieved relative to base year [auto-calculated]
Target status in reporting year
Underway
Is this target part of an emissions target?
Yes. This target is part of our carbon reduction strategy, with an aspirational goal of increasing the share of low-carbon electricity used at our global facilities (both manufacturing and non-manufacturing). We combine this energy target with our 1.5 degrees C absolute CO2 emissions target for Scope 1 CO2 emissions to set our Scope 1+Scope 2 targets described in question C4.1a.
Is this target part of an overarching initiative?
Science Based Targets initiative
Please explain target coverage and identify any exclusions
With 2017 as the baseline year, we have a goal of achieving 100% low-carbon electricity by 2035 at our global facilities. This is a company-wide target. It includes all manufacturing and non-manufacturing facilities where we have operational control. It includes all electricity consumption (not just purchased electricity). There are no exclusions.
Plan for achieving target, and progress made to the end of the reporting year
With 2017 as the baseline year, Ford has a goal of achieving 100% low-carbon electricity by 2035 at our global facilities. This is a company-wide target. It includes all global manufacturing and non-manufacturing locations where we have operational control. This target helps meet our Scope 1+Scope 2 Science Based Targets initiative targets. In 2022, Ford achieved 53.7% low-carbon electricity for our total operations (manufacturing + non-manufacturing), a 55% improvement from the 34.7% in Ford's base year. This was calculated by: (53.7-34.7)/(34.7) x 100 = 55%. Ford is currently at 53.7% of our 100% target for 2035.

To achieve this goal, Ford has finalized additional low-carbon energy contracts to date, two in Michigan, USA, one in Ohio, USA, one in Mexico, one in Romania, and one for locations in the UK.

Ford has partnered with DTE for many years to allow them to generate low-carbon energy at several of our locations in Michigan. Through DTE’s MIGreenPower program, Ford will procure 473,000 megawatt hours of locally sourced Michigan wind energy to support several sites including: Michigan/Wayne Assembly, Michigan Central Station, Book Depository, Dearborn Truck Plant, Dearborn REVC, and the Central Energy Plant. We have also contracted with Energy Harbor in 2020 to procure 100% low-carbon electricity (nuclear) for all operations in Ohio. Looking forward, Ford is continuing to invest in low-carbon electricity for future projects. The assembly plant at BlueOval City will use low carbon electricity from day one in 2025.

In the UK, Ford has been procuring low-carbon electricity for our UK locations since October 1, 2019. For many years Ford has partnered with a third party who provides onsite low-carbon electricity via wind turbines at one of our UK facilities. Ford has commissioned on-site solar power for operations in South Africa, Thailand and at our site in Hangzhou, China. Ford continues to work with local utilities to increase the share of low-carbon electricity each year, including new contracts in 2022 in Germany and Spain. At the Cologne manufacturing site, we continue to procure low-carbon electricity.
List the actions which contributed most to achieving this target
<Not Applicable>
Target reference number
Low 2
Year target was set
2018
Target coverage
Business activity
Target type: energy carrier
Electricity
Target type: activity
Consumption
Target type: energy source
Low-carbon energy source(s)
Base year
2017
Consumption or production of selected energy carrier in base year (MWh)
5911514.04
% share of low-carbon or renewable energy in base year
40.09
Target year
2023
% share of low-carbon or renewable energy in target year
46
% share of low-carbon or renewable energy in reporting year
64.58
% of target achieved relative to base year [auto-calculated]
Target status in reporting year
Achieved
Is this target part of an emissions target?
Yes. This target is part of our carbon reduction strategy, with an aspirational goal of increasing the share of low-carbon electricity used at our manufacturing plants. We combine this target with our 1.5 degrees C absolute CO2 emissions target for Scope 1 CO2 emissions to set our Scope 1+Scope 2 targets described in question C4.1a.
Is this target part of an overarching initiative?
Science Based Targets initiative
Please explain target coverage and identify any exclusions
With 2017 as the baseline year, we have a near-term goal of achieving 46% low-carbon electricity by 2023 at our global manufacturing locations. This is a company-wide target. It includes all global manufacturing locations where we have operational control. It includes all electricity consumption (not just purchased electricity). There are no exclusions.
Plan for achieving target, and progress made to the end of the reporting year
<Not Applicable>
List the actions which contributed most to achieving this target
In 2022, the following actions contributed the most to this target: Ford achieved 100% low-carbon electricity for its manufacturing locations in Mexico and Ohio.
C4.2c
(C4.2c) Provide details of your net-zero target(s).
Target reference number
NZ1
Target coverage
Company-wide
Absolute/intensity emission target(s) linked to this net-zero target
Abs1
Int1
Target year for achieving net zero
2050
Is this a science-based target?
Yes, we consider this a science-based target, and we have committed to seek validation of this target by the Science Based Targets initiative in the next two years
Please explain target coverage and identify any exclusions
We signed the Business Ambition for 1.5°C Net Zero Commitment in 2021 stating we will reach net-zero value chain emissions by no later than 2050, alongside science-based targets across all relevant scopes. This follows our announcement of our aspirational goal of being carbon-neutral across our vehicles, suppliers and facilities by 2050 in our 2020 Sustainability Report. Approved in 2021, our SBTi science-based targets of 76% reduction of Scope 1+Scope 2 CO2e by 2035 and 50% reduction of Scope 3 Use of Sold products vehicle CO2e-intensity per km by 2035 are steps toward this net-zero end goal. Our pathway to carbon neutrality is focused on emissions abatement in line with 1.5°C. We are monitoring SBTi’s development of automotive OEM sector Scope 3 methods and standards for 1.5°C pathways toward Net Zero target-setting, after which SBTi will once again start accepting automotive sector target submissions.
Do you intend to neutralize any unabated emissions with permanent carbon removals at the target year?
Yes
Planned milestones and/or near-term investments for neutralization at target year
We are striving to minimize emissions, in line with the SBTi net-zero criterion for less than 10% unabated GHG emissions by the 2050 net-zero target year. We are studying options for removing residual CO2 emissions via nature-based and technical solutions.
Planned actions to mitigate emissions beyond your value chain (optional)
C4.3
(C4.3) Did you have emissions reduction initiatives that were active within the reporting year? Note that this can include those in the planning and/or implementation phases.
Yes
C4.3a
(C4.3a) Identify the total number of initiatives at each stage of development, and for those in the implementation stages, the estimated CO2e savings.
Number of initiatives	Total estimated annual CO2e savings in metric tonnes CO2e (only for rows marked *)
Under investigation	
0
0
To be implemented*	
0
0
Implementation commenced*	
4
23795
Implemented*	
6
5599
Not to be implemented	
0
0
C4.3b
(C4.3b) Provide details on the initiatives implemented in the reporting year in the table below.
Initiative category & Initiative type
Energy efficiency in buildings	Lighting
Estimated annual CO2e savings (metric tonnes CO2e)
4533
Scope(s) or Scope 3 category(ies) where emissions savings occur
Scope 2 (location-based)
Scope 2 (market-based)
Voluntary/Mandatory
Voluntary
Annual monetary savings (unit currency – as specified in C0.4)
719453
Investment required (unit currency – as specified in C0.4)
4195678
Payback period
4-10 years
Estimated lifetime of the initiative
11-15 years
Comment
LED lighting conversions at OHAP, KTP, FRAP, and CEP
Initiative category & Initiative type
Energy efficiency in production processes	Compressed air
Estimated annual CO2e savings (metric tonnes CO2e)
712
Scope(s) or Scope 3 category(ies) where emissions savings occur
Scope 2 (location-based)
Scope 2 (market-based)
Voluntary/Mandatory
Voluntary
Annual monetary savings (unit currency – as specified in C0.4)
117177
Investment required (unit currency – as specified in C0.4)
529581
Payback period
4-10 years
Estimated lifetime of the initiative
11-15 years
Comment
Compressed air optimization at LAP
Initiative category & Initiative type
Energy efficiency in production processes	Other, please specify (Steam elimination and optimization)
Estimated annual CO2e savings (metric tonnes CO2e)
354
Scope(s) or Scope 3 category(ies) where emissions savings occur
Scope 1
Voluntary/Mandatory
Voluntary
Annual monetary savings (unit currency – as specified in C0.4)
651000
Investment required (unit currency – as specified in C0.4)
2347000
Payback period
4-10 years
Estimated lifetime of the initiative
11-15 years
Comment
Steam elimination and optimization at VVO (EU)
C4.3c
(C4.3c) What methods do you use to drive investment in emissions reduction activities?
Method	Comment
Other (Energy performance contracting)
In North America, Ford continues to use energy performance contracting as a financing tool to upgrade and replace infrastructure and improve energy efficiency at its plants, commercial buildings and research facilities. Through these contracts, Ford partners with suppliers to replace inefficient equipment, funding the capital investment over time through energy savings. Projects have been implemented to upgrade lighting systems, building management systems, paint booth process equipment compressed air systems, and to significantly reduce the use of steam in Ford's manufacturing facilities.
Partnering with governments on technology development
In 2013, Ford joined the U.S. Department of Energy’s (DOE) Better Buildings, Better Plants program, a national partnership initiative to drive a 25 percent reduction in industrial energy intensity in 10 years against a 2011 baseline. 24 of Ford's U.S. plants are part of this initiative. In 2022, Ford was the first OEM to join US Department of Energy’s Better Climate Challenge Initiative committing to reduce GHG emissions from US manufacturing facilities by 50% by 2030. Ford is also enrolled in the US Better Plants program, committing to reduce energy intensity by 10% by 2030. There are 23 US facilities participating in Better Plants and Better Climate. The Better Climate pledge is aligned with Ford’s SBTi target. Additionally in 2022, Ford received recognition for 33 US facilities completing the ISO 50001 Ready program, an energy management system that requires annual reporting and year-over-year improvement.
Dedicated budget for low-carbon product R&D
Ford has an ambitious plan of vehicle technology and alternative powertrain and fuel actions. By implementing this consistently, we are improving fuel economy and reducing CO2 emissions across our product portfolio consistent with the Paris Climate Agreement and working toward a more sustainable future. Ford announced in 2022 that we are accelerating investments and increasing planned total spending on electrification, including battery development, to more than $50 billion from 2022 through 2026. Our Global Technology Migration Path for CO2 Reduction details near and medium term actions related to not only electrification, but also internal combustion engines, transmissions, alternative fuels, hydrogen, energy management, weight reduction, and mobility.
Partnering with governments on technology development
As we launch electrified versions of our most popular nameplates, we will continue researching and developing alternative powertrains and fuel options across all our vehicles, to provide customers with efficient, low-carbon alternatives. This effort includes the development of hydrogen fuel cell technology, with a primary focus on medium/heavy-duty vehicles to offer payload and uptime advantages that provide total cost-of-ownership benefits. Ford is partnering with the U.S. Department of Energy to develop and demonstrate five hydrogen fuel cell electric Class-5 Super Duty trucks through the DOE SuperTruck 3 program. The award amount announced in 2021 is nearly $25M. The project’s goals are cost, payload, towing, and refueling times that are equivalent to conventional gasoline trucks.
Compliance with regulatory requirements/standards
Investments in our products can be driven by environmental regulatory requirements and it is Ford’s policy to comply with all regulations. For example, regulatory requirements have driven vehicle improvements such as significant light-weighting (e.g. aluminum F-150), along with lower aero and road load friction. Additionally, the introduction and broad proliferation of the EcoBoost engine, adoption of 8- /10-speed transmissions, and advanced catalyst designs and materials have led to substantial reductions in CO2, fuel consumption, and tailpipe emissions. Hybrid electric vehicles and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles have been added to the portfolio to further reduce fuel consumption and CO2 emissions in line with regulations. Our current strategy is to increase the share of fully-electric EVs to an expected 50% share of global sales by 2030.
C4.5
(C4.5) Do you classify any of your existing goods and/or services as low-carbon products?
Yes
C4.5a
(C4.5a) Provide details of your products and/or services that you classify as low-carbon products.
Level of aggregation
Product or service
Taxonomy used to classify product(s) or service(s) as low-carbon
Climate Bonds Taxonomy
Type of product(s) or service(s)
Road	Lithium-ion batteries
Description of product(s) or service(s)
Our Mustang Mach-E all-electric SUV went on sale in 2021 and is evaluated here. The Mach-E comes in a variety of configurations. The low-carbon vehicle evaluated here is the most popular configuration sold in the U.S. in 2022: the 2022 model year Mustang Mach-E AWD Extended Range version. Our other EVs are the F-150 Lightning pickup truck and the E-Transit commercial van, both of which launched in 2022, but they are not evaluated here.
Ford offers a wide-variety of other electrified vehicles which enable our customers to reduce their CO2 emissions while driving. Our electrified vehicle types include battery electric vehicles, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles, and mild hybrid vehicles. The Ford Kuga PHEV sold in Europe with a rating of 32 gCO2/km also meets the definition of a low-carbon product according to the Climate Bonds Taxonomy. The Kuga PHEV is not evaluated in this example.
Have you estimated the avoided emissions of this low-carbon product(s) or service(s)
Yes
Methodology used to calculate avoided emissions
Estimating and Reporting the Comparative Emissions Impacts of Products (WRI)
Life cycle stage(s) covered for the low-carbon product(s) or services(s)
Cradle-to-grave
Functional unit used
The functional unit is the use phase on-road, well-to-wheels CO2e emissions over a lifetime of 150,000 miles (241,000 km)
Reference product/service or baseline scenario used
Reference product is the Ford 2022 model year Escape AWD 1.5L SUV (gasoline).
Life cycle stage(s) covered for the reference product/service or baseline scenario
Cradle-to-grave
Estimated avoided emissions (metric tons CO2e per functional unit) compared to reference product/service or baseline scenario
34.6
Explain your calculation of avoided emissions, including any assumptions
The avoided CO2e is based on the estimated cradle to grave emissions of the 2022 model year Ford Mustang Mach-E AWD Extended Range SUV and the Ford Escape 1.5L AWD SUV. The Climate Bonds Taxonomy (CBT) classifies electric vehicles as low-carbon transport (ref. Table 4 of the CBT document “Land Transport Criteria: Version 2”).
Calculation Use Phase: We use the www.fueleconomy.gov values for combined city-highway data, which represent the on-road fuel economy and CO2 consumers experience (ref. ICCT (2017) From Laboratory To Road International). Mach-E AWD ER=37 kWh/100miles. Escape 1.5L AWD=318 gCO2/mile. The Mach-E efficiency is multiplied by the U.S. average electricity generation CO2 intensity (351 gCO2e/kWh, ref. IEA World Energy Outlook 2022). We convert the Escape “tailpipe” or tank-to-wheels gCO2e/mile to well-to-wheels by adding gasoline production emissions (well-to-tank, WTT) (x 1.261) (ref. GREET, Argonne National Labs). The resulting on-road WTW gCO2/mile are multiplied by 150,000 miles lifetime travel to give the lifetime use phase emissions from the two SUVs. GWPs are from IPCC AR5. The lifetime CO2e emissions (metric tons) are 19.5 t for the Mach-E AWD ER and 60.1 t for the Escape AWD. Thus the Mach-E avoids 60.1-19.5=40.6 t CO2e during use.
Cradle/Grave Phases: Vehicle cycle emissions (materials, assembly, end-of-life) are about 7.5 t for an internal combustion engine vehicle (ICEV) SUV and about 13.5 t for a BEV SUV (ref. Woody et al 2022 Environ. Res. Lett. 17 034031). Thus the Mach-E accounts for about 6 extra t CO2e during beginning and end of life.
Net LCA emissions avoided by the Mach-E are 40.6 t – 6 t = 34.6 t CO2e
Revenue generated from low-carbon product(s) or service(s) as % of total revenue in the reporting year
4
C5. Emissions methodology
C5.1
(C5.1) Is this your first year of reporting emissions data to CDP?
No
C5.1a
(C5.1a) Has your organization undergone any structural changes in the reporting year, or are any previous structural changes being accounted for in this disclosure of emissions data?
Row 1
Has there been a structural change?
No
Name of organization(s) acquired, divested from, or merged with
<Not Applicable>
Details of structural change(s), including completion dates
<Not Applicable>
C5.1b
(C5.1b) Has your emissions accounting methodology, boundary, and/or reporting year definition changed in the reporting year?
Change(s) in methodology, boundary, and/or reporting year definition?	Details of methodology, boundary, and/or reporting year definition change(s)
Row 1	
No
<Not Applicable>
C5.2
(C5.2) Provide your base year and base year emissions.
Scope 1
Base year start
January 1 2017
Base year end
December 31 2017
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1384651.26
Comment
Ford Carbon Reduction Strategy with 2017 as the baseline year for absolute tCO2e reductions.
Scope 2 (location-based)
Base year start
January 1 2017
Base year end
December 31 2017
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
3398799.51
Comment
Ford Carbon Reduction Strategy with 2017 as the baseline year for absolute tCO2e reductions.
Scope 2 (market-based)
Base year start
January 1 2017
Base year end
December 31 2017
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
3260242.39
Comment
Ford Carbon Reduction Strategy with 2017 as the baseline year for absolute tCO2e reductions.
Scope 3 category 1: Purchased goods and services
Base year start
January 1 2019
Base year end
December 31 2019
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
45688535
Comment
Scope 3 category 2: Capital goods
Base year start
January 1 2019
Base year end
December 31 2019
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1393904
Comment
Scope 3 category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scope 1 or 2)
Base year start
January 1 2019
Base year end
December 31 2019
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1066000
Comment
Scope 3 category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution
Base year start
January 1 2019
Base year end
December 31 2019
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
2102900
Comment
Includes both upstream and downstream T&D as defined by GHG Protocol
Scope 3 category 5: Waste generated in operations
Base year start
January 1 2019
Base year end
December 31 2019
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
9297
Comment
Scope 3 category 6: Business travel
Base year start
January 1 2019
Base year end
December 31 2019
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
61306
Comment
Scope 3 category 7: Employee commuting
Base year start
January 1 2019
Base year end
December 31 2019
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
803387
Comment
Scope 3 category 8: Upstream leased assets
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
Leased assets are included in Scope 1 and Scope 2 calculations
Scope 3 category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
Downstream data for this category is reported under category 4, Upstream T&D. Downstream transport of finished product (vehicles) to our retail network (dealerships) is carried out using freight that we pay for and control. Based on our understanding of GHG Protocol Scope 3 Category definitions we have therefore included these emissions within Category 4- Upstream Transportation
Scope 3 category 10: Processing of sold products
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
Emissions are not relevant.
Scope 3 category 11: Use of sold products
Base year start
January 1 2019
Base year end
December 31 2019
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
422762449
Comment
On-road Well-to-Wheels lifetime emissions (150,000 miles) for vehicles sold in 2019. This base year value was restated in CDP2023 in question C6.5a to reflect total global WTW emissions and add GHGs from mobile air conditioning refrigerant leakage. The previous base year value included only WTW CO2e from select regions with robust regulatory vehicle data (over 80% of sales).
Scope 3 category 12: End of life treatment of sold products
Base year start
January 1 2019
Base year end
December 31 2019
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1360000
Comment
Scope 3 category 13: Downstream leased assets
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
Emissions are not relevant
Scope 3 category 14: Franchises
Base year start
January 1 2019
Base year end
December 31 2019
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1957800
Comment
Scope 3 category 15: Investments
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
Emissions are not relevant
Scope 3: Other (upstream)
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
Scope 3: Other (downstream)
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
C5.3
(C5.3) Select the name of the standard, protocol, or methodology you have used to collect activity data and calculate emissions.
ISO 14064-1
The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)
The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: Scope 2 Guidance
The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard
US EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule
Other, please specify (As required by regulation or requirement)
C6. Emissions data
C6.1
(C6.1) What were your organization’s gross global Scope 1 emissions in metric tons CO2e?
Reporting year
Gross global Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1197738.53
Start date
January 1 2022
End date
December 31 2022
Comment
In 2021, Ford emitted 1,069,906.74 metric tCO2e. In 2022, Ford emitted 1,197,738.53 metric tCO2e. The change in our Scope 1 emissions is an increase of 11.9%: [(1,197,738.53/1,069,906.74)-1]=0.119
Past year 1
Gross global Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1069906.74
Start date
January 1 2021
End date
December 31 2021
Comment
In 2021, Ford emitted gross total scope 1 emissions of 1,069,906.74 metric tCO2e
Past year 2
Gross global Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1111529.01
Start date
January 1 2020
End date
December 31 2020
Comment
In 2020, Ford emitted gross total scope 1 emissions of 1,111,529.01 metric tCO2e
Past year 3
Gross global Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1394701.7
Start date
January 1 2019
End date
December 31 2019
Comment
In 2019, Ford emitted gross total scope 1 emissions of 1,394,701.70 metric tCO2e
Past year 4
Gross global Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1419442.81
Start date
January 1 2018
End date
December 31 2018
Comment
In 2018, Ford emitted gross total scope 1 emissions of 1,419,442.81 metric tCO2e
Past year 5
Gross global Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1384651.26
Start date
January 1 2017
End date
December 31 2017
Comment
In 2017, Ford emitted gross total scope 1 emissions of 1,384,651.26 metric tCO2e. Ford Carbon Reduction Strategy set 2017 as the baseline year for absolute tCO2e reductions.
C6.2
(C6.2) Describe your organization’s approach to reporting Scope 2 emissions.
Row 1
​Scope 2, location-based​
We are reporting a Scope 2, location-based figure
Scope 2, market-based
We are reporting a Scope 2, market-based figure
Comment
Ford tracks and reports both location-based and market-based figures for Scope 2 data.
C6.3
(C6.3) What were your organization’s gross global Scope 2 emissions in metric tons CO2e?
Reporting year
Scope 2, location-based
2557313.41
Scope 2, market-based (if applicable)
1592243.49
Start date
January 1 2022
End date
December 31 2022
Comment
In 2021 Ford emitted 2,616,003.08 tCO2e location-based scope 2 emissions and in 2022 emitted 2,557,313.41 tCO2e location-based scope 2 emissions. This is a decrease of 2.2%: [(2,557,313.41/2,616,003.08) - 1] = -0.022. In 2021, Ford emitted 2,000,127.85 tCO2e market-based scope 2 emissions and in 2022 emitted 1,592,243.49 tCO2e market-based scope 2 emissions. This is a decrease of 20.4%: [(1,592,243.49/2,000,127.85) - 1] = -0.204.
Past year 1
Scope 2, location-based
2616003.08
Scope 2, market-based (if applicable)
2000127.85
Start date
January 1 2021
End date
December 31 2021
Comment
In 2021, Ford emitted 2,616,003.08 tCO2e location-based scope 2 emissions and 2,000,127.85 tCO2e market-based scope 2 emissions.
Past year 2
Scope 2, location-based
2771746.43
Scope 2, market-based (if applicable)
2530106.4
Start date
January 1 2020
End date
December 31 2020
Comment
In 2020, Ford emitted 2,771,746.43 tCO2e location-based scope 2 emissions and 2,530,106.40 tCO2e market-based scope 2 emissions.
Past year 3
Scope 2, location-based
3193340.25
Scope 2, market-based (if applicable)
3037928.22
Start date
January 1 2019
End date
December 31 2019
Comment
In 2019, Ford emitted 3,193,340.25 tCO2e location-based scope 2 emissions and 3,037,928.22 tCO2e market-based scope 2 emissions.
Past year 4
Scope 2, location-based
3262018.65
Scope 2, market-based (if applicable)
3110560.1
Start date
January 1 2018
End date
December 31 2018
Comment
In 2018, Ford emitted 3,262,018.65 tCO2e location-based scope 2 emissions and 3,110,560.10 tCO2e market-based scope 2 emissions.
Past year 5
Scope 2, location-based
3398799.51
Scope 2, market-based (if applicable)
3260242.39
Start date
January 1 2017
End date
December 31 2017
Comment
In 2017, Ford emitted 3,398,799.51 tCO2e location-based scope 2 emissions and 3,260,242.39 tCO2e market-based scope 2 emissions. Ford Carbon Reduction Strategy set 2017 as the baseline year for absolute tCO2e reductions.
C6.4
(C6.4) Are there any sources (e.g. facilities, specific GHGs, activities, geographies, etc.) of Scope 1, Scope 2 or Scope 3 emissions that are within your selected reporting boundary which are not included in your disclosure?
Yes
C6.4a
(C6.4a) Provide details of the sources of Scope 1, Scope 2, or Scope 3 emissions that are within your selected reporting boundary which are not included in your disclosure.
Source of excluded emissions
Equipment and Vehicle Testing Fuels (at various manufacturing sites): Small amounts of gasoline, diesel and propane combustion for vehicle testing, emergency equipment operation, onsite vehicles, small space heating and other applications at manufacturing sites and vehicle testing sites.
Scope(s) or Scope 3 category(ies)
Scope 1
Relevance of Scope 1 emissions from this source
Emissions are not relevant
Relevance of location-based Scope 2 emissions from this source
<Not Applicable>
Relevance of market-based Scope 2 emissions from this source
<Not Applicable>
Relevance of Scope 3 emissions from this source
<Not Applicable>
Date of completion of acquisition or merger
<Not Applicable>
Estimated percentage of total Scope 1+2 emissions this excluded source represents
1
Estimated percentage of total Scope 3 emissions this excluded source represents
<Not Applicable>
Explain why this source is excluded
Compared to Ford's Scope 1 and Scope 2 Reported Emissions in 2022, the GHG Emissions from this fuel group were estimated to be about 1.0% the size of our reported emissions in 2022.
Explain how you estimated the percentage of emissions this excluded source represents
Ford calculated average fuel consumption values for gasoline, diesel, propane, and fuel oil for its assembly plants, powertrain plants, and vehicle testing sites utilizing historical data. A total of 39,033 tCO2e was calculated for 2022. The 1.0% of total Scope 1+2 emissions this excluded source represents was calculated by: [(total emissions from equipment and vehicle testing fuels / total scope 1+2 emissions) x 100%]. The total Scope 1+2 emissions (location-based) in 2022 were 3,755,052 tCO2e. Therefore, the calculation is as follows: [(39,033 / 3,755,052) x 100] = 1.0%.
Source of excluded emissions
Refrigerant Leakage from refrigeration equipment at manufacturing sites and large research sites.
Scope(s) or Scope 3 category(ies)
Scope 1
Relevance of Scope 1 emissions from this source
Emissions are not relevant
Relevance of location-based Scope 2 emissions from this source
<Not Applicable>
Relevance of market-based Scope 2 emissions from this source
<Not Applicable>
Relevance of Scope 3 emissions from this source
<Not Applicable>
Date of completion of acquisition or merger
<Not Applicable>
Estimated percentage of total Scope 1+2 emissions this excluded source represents
1.1
Estimated percentage of total Scope 3 emissions this excluded source represents
<Not Applicable>
Explain why this source is excluded
Compared to Ford's Scope 1 and Scope 2 Reported Emissions in 2022, the GWP impact from refrigerant leakages at manufacturing sites and large research sites was estimated to be about 1.1% the size of Ford's reported emissions.
Explain how you estimated the percentage of emissions this excluded source represents
To estimate the GHG emissions impact from facility refrigerant releases across Ford’s manufacturing sites and its research and engineering sites, Ford calculated emissions from a Powertrain facility, Vehicle Operations assembly plant, and an R&E site based on service records. For each refrigeration equipment at each site with a capacity above 5 pounds, Ford applied the corresponding 100-year GWP of the refrigerant used in the equipment and an average annual leakage rate provided from GHG Protocol HFC Tool (Version 1.0). For any refrigeration equipment with available service records, the calculated annualized leak rates were applied instead of the GHG Protocol estimates. Refrigerant leakage estimates from the GHG Protocol were also applied for any equipment that was disposed. The calculated amount using this estimation methodology was 40,116 tCO2e in 2022. The 1.1% estimated percentage of total Scope 1+2 emissions this excluded source represents was calculated by: [(Total 2022 tCO2e estimated from refrigerant leakage / Total 2022 Scope 1+2) x 100] = % emissions. The total Scope 1+2 emissions (location-based) in 2022 were 3,755,052 tCO2e. Therefore, it was calculated by: [(40,116 / 3,755,052) x 100] = 1.1%
Source of excluded emissions
Refrigerant Leakage occurring during vehicle A/C system charging at Assembly Plants.
Scope(s) or Scope 3 category(ies)
Scope 1
Relevance of Scope 1 emissions from this source
Emissions are not relevant
Relevance of location-based Scope 2 emissions from this source
<Not Applicable>
Relevance of market-based Scope 2 emissions from this source
<Not Applicable>
Relevance of Scope 3 emissions from this source
<Not Applicable>
Date of completion of acquisition or merger
<Not Applicable>
Estimated percentage of total Scope 1+2 emissions this excluded source represents
0.3
Estimated percentage of total Scope 3 emissions this excluded source represents
<Not Applicable>
Explain why this source is excluded
Compared to Ford's Scope 1 and Scope 2 Reported Emissions in 2022, the GWP impact from refrigerant leakages occurring during vehicle A/C system charging at assembly plants was estimated to be about 0.3% the size of Ford's reported emissions in 2022. As the automotive industry transitions to using refrigerant 1234yf for vehicle A/C systems, we expect the GWP impact from this category of emissions to fall below 0.01%.
Explain how you estimated the percentage of emissions this excluded source represents
To estimate the refrigerant losses, Ford referred to the IPCC Good Practice Guidance and Uncertainty management in National Inventories, which recommends a range of 0.2% to 1% refrigerant losses. A leak rate of 1% was used to ensure that estimates were conservative. Ford was also able to estimate what proportion of assembled vehicles used either HFC-134a and HFO-1234yf. The estimated emissions from vehicle refrigerant leakages during initial fill was 10,008 tCO2e for 2022. The 0.3% estimation was calculated from: [(Estimated 2022 tCO2e emissions from equipment refrigerant leakages / Total tCO2e 2022 Scope 1+2 emissions) x 100] = estimated percentage. The total Scope 1+2 emissions (location-based) in 2022 were 3,755,052 tCO2e. Therefore, the calculation was as follows: [(10,008 / 3,755,052) x 100] = 0.3%.
Source of excluded emissions
Dealerships outside the U.S. and Germany in Scope 3, Franchises
Scope(s) or Scope 3 category(ies)
Scope 3: Franchises
Relevance of Scope 1 emissions from this source
<Not Applicable>
Relevance of location-based Scope 2 emissions from this source
<Not Applicable>
Relevance of market-based Scope 2 emissions from this source
<Not Applicable>
Relevance of Scope 3 emissions from this source
Emissions are not relevant
Date of completion of acquisition or merger
<Not Applicable>
Estimated percentage of total Scope 1+2 emissions this excluded source represents
<Not Applicable>
Estimated percentage of total Scope 3 emissions this excluded source represents
0.9
Explain why this source is excluded
Dealerships are independently owned and operated. Their energy and emissions data are not available to Ford Motor Company. Where data are available from special projects in the US and Germany, it is not reasonable to extrapolate emissions across the entirety of Ford’s dealership base due to substantial variability in global dealership footprint and corresponding utility use (based on region-specific weather).
Explain how you estimated the percentage of emissions this excluded source represents
We have limited data for our dealerships in US and Germany through two special energy efficiency programs we offered to our dealers. US dealerships in 2018 were estimated to emit 600 metric tons CO2e/year per dealership. German dealerships emit far less, 173 tCO2e/year, before any energy efficiency projects. Despite this diverse data we calculate an average tCO2e/dealership/year. (3263 US dealerships x 600 t CO2 + 205 German dealerships x 173 t CO2) = 574.8 tCO2e/year on average. In 2022 there were 9611 Ford and Lincoln dealerships globally. There are 9611-3263-205 = 6143 dealerships without data. 6143 dealerships x 575 tCO2e/dealer/year = 3,530,746 t CO2e in 2022 that was not included in Scope 3 Category Franchises. Total Scope 3 (with estimated CO2 for the excluded parts of Franchises) equals 373.6 Million tons CO2e. Then 3,530,746 t CO2e Franchises excluded / 373,567,865 t CO2e Scope 3 total = 0.9%
C6.5
(C6.5) Account for your organization’s gross global Scope 3 emissions, disclosing and explaining any exclusions.
Purchased goods and services
Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
40523517
Emissions calculation methodology
Hybrid method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
47
Please explain
We consider Scope 3 emissions to be relevant if they are comparable or larger than our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Purchased goods and services are 14 times greater than S1+S2 and therefore determined to be relevant. In 2022, Ford asked 464 selected production and indirect suppliers to report their greenhouse gas emissions and management program through CDP Supply Chain’s climate change questionnaire and 313 responded.
Emissions for purchased goods and services are estimated using a combination of primary and secondary data. Primary data from suppliers who reported validated Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions (in categories, 1, 4, and 5) to Ford through the 2022 CDP Supply Chain climate change questionnaire was considered reliable for this analysis.
Primary data accounted for approximately 41% of total spend and 47% of total emissions in this category.
To estimate emissions from another portion of spend activity in this category, we applied spend-based emissions factors from the US EPA Environmentally-Extended Input-Output (USEEIO) database (V1.1). As the USEEIO factors are based on 2013 emissions data and currency values, we adjusted the factors to account for currency inflation and electric grid decarbonization in the year 2022. USEEIO factors were applied to Ford’s spend activity with suppliers who responded to the 2022 CDP Supply Chain climate change questionnaire, but who’s reported emissions data did not meet Ford’s internal validation criteria for primary data.
Thus, secondary data via the use of USEEIO emissions factors accounted for approximately 51% of total spend and 45% of total emissions in Purchased Goods and Services.
The remaining emissions associated with the remaining 8% of spend activity in this category were extrapolated by applying an average emissions intensity (metric tonnes CO2e/$) calculated from both the primary data and secondary data (USEEIO)
Capital goods
Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
3692787
Emissions calculation methodology
Hybrid method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
2
Please explain
We consider Scope 3 emissions to be relevant if they are comparable or larger than our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Capital Goods are 1.3 times greater than S1+S2 and therefore determined to be relevant. In 2022, Ford asked 464 selected production and indirect suppliers to report their greenhouse gas emissions and management program through CDP Supply Chain’s climate change questionnaire and 313 responded. 10 of those suppliers were classified as Capital Goods suppliers.
Emissions for capital goods are estimated using a combination of primary and secondary data. Primary data from suppliers who reported validated Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions (in categories, 1, 4, and 5) to Ford through the 2022 CDP Supply Chain climate change questionnaire was considered reliable for this analysis.
Primary data accounted for 2% of total spend and 2% of total emissions in this category.
To estimate emissions from the remaining portion of spend activity in this category, we applied spend-based emissions factors from the US EPA Environmentally-Extended Input-Output (USEEIO) database (V1.1). As the USEEIO factors are based on 2013 emissions data and currency values, we adjusted the factors to account for currency inflation and electric grid decarbonization in the year 2022. USEEIO factors were applied to Ford’s spend activity with suppliers who responded to the 2022 CDP Supply Chain climate change questionnaire, but who’s reported emissions data did not meet Ford’s internal validation criteria for primary data.
Thus, secondary data via the use of USEEIO emissions factors accounted for approximately 31% of total spend and 31% of total emissions in Capital goods.
The remaining emissions associated with the remaining 67% of spend activity in this category were extrapolated by applying an average emissions intensity (metric tonnes CO2e/$) calculated from both the primary data and secondary data (USEEIO).
Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scope 1 or 2)
Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
749237
Emissions calculation methodology
Fuel-based method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
0
Please explain
Following the GHG protocol, we identified upstream emission factors and applied them to our scope 1 and scope 2 energy consumption. The energy was itemized by fuel type or electricity and represents both our manufacturing facilities and non-manufacturing locations globally. The upstream emission factors for fuels and purchased electricity are obtained from the Argonne National Lab’s GREET 2022 model. Electricity T&D loss rates are from the World Bank database recommended by the GHG protocol.

We consider scope 3 emissions to be relevant if they are comparable to Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Fuel & Energy emissions are 27% of Scope 1+Scope 2 emissions and are deemed to be relevant.
Upstream transportation and distribution
Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
1936637
Emissions calculation methodology
Hybrid method
Fuel-based method
Distance-based method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
0
Please explain
While seeking to increase primary data availability and its usage, currently we typically base our calculations on secondary data of distance travelled, weight and loading as recorded by the logistics provider. In alignment to the GHG Protocol and ISO14083 standard we utilize a database applying the GLEC emission factor appropriate to the transport mode(s) used to perform the CO2e calculation. Where available we update modelled factors with real world average fuel economy from our carriers. Following the GHG Protocol, we report both up and downstream distribution captured as Scope 3, Category 4 and Scope 3, category 9 Transport includes road, rail, and ocean modes.
1) Upstream inbound freight from our tier 1 suppliers to our plants, is generally on a collect basis using contracted carriers paid for by us. We report emissions from the supplier’s facility to our manufacturing sites including return transport of empty packaging where applicable. We consider freight emissions from suppliers upstream of our tier 1 to be covered within their own scope 3 submissions.
2) Our downstream, outbound data considers transport from factory gate to handover to dealer or customer. This freight is generally using dedicated car carrying equipment carried out by contracted carriers and paid for by us.
As a contingency to allow for other elements of freight not covered in the main calculations (including premium freight) we add 10% to the recorded figures. Inbound (upstream) = 1,187,066 Metric Tonnes CO2e, Finished vehicle (downstream) = 749,571 Metric Tonnes CO2e. The total T&D emissions are 65% of Scope 1+Scope 2 emissions and deemed to be relevant. While the majority of T&D GHG consists of CO2 exhaust emissions we report CO2e including N2O and CH4.
Our corporate business policies include specific objectives on monitoring freight CO2 emissions, reducing fuel usage, improving average fleet emissions, improving freight utilization, and increasing the % use of green routes. Emission reduction activities include network redesign (Transport mode changes), use of “alternate” lower emission fuels and lubricants, aerodynamics, packaging weight reduction and driver training. Reducing CO2 emissions has additional benefits in reducing levels of other pollutants. We work proactively with industry bodies (e.g VDA in Europe) to promote best practice in freight GHG reporting.
Waste generated in operations
Evaluation status
Not relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
6634
Emissions calculation methodology
Other, please specify (In order to estimate scope 3 emissions from waste generated at Ford's facilities, the USEPA WARM Model (Version 15) was utilized. Metric Tons CO2e (MTCO2E) estimate is based on global, landfilled waste.)
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
0
Please explain
We consider waste generated in operations to be not relevant because it is very small (0.1% of Scope 1 + Scope 2). In 2021, Ford avoided over 4.4 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions through recycling and non-landfill alternative disposal options. We are continuing to reduce the amount of waste sent to landfill every year through our Global Waste Strategy. 84 Ford manufacturing and non-manufacturing facilities send zero waste to landfill. Of particular note is the closed loop aluminum recycling process used in the production of Ford’s trucks. As the scrap aluminum goes directly from a Ford facility to the supplier, it is not included in the calculations here. Ford recycles as much as 20 million pounds of aluminum stamping scrap per month using the closed-loop system at Dearborn Stamping Plant, which provides parts to build F-150 at Ford’s Dearborn Truck and Kansas City Assembly Plants. Recycled aluminum avoids 95 percent of the greenhouse gas emissions associated with primary aluminum production. It uses significantly less energy and water also.
Business travel
Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
26712
Emissions calculation methodology
Supplier-specific method
Hybrid method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
100
Please explain
Ford utilized total global booked air, rail and rental car miles travelled and hotel stay nights in 2022. We applied GHG emission factors based on the methodology described in the GHG Protocol. The emissions factors came from the US EPA GHG Emissions Factor Hub or the UK GHG Conversion Factors ("Defra") . For air and rail we applied the distance-based method, using miles x kgCO2e/passenger-mile factors. For rental cars, we used the fuel-based method: average miles/gallon x miles x gCO2e/gallon. New to this year's reporting is hotel stay emissions which are calculated by number of nights x kgCO2e/night country-level factors from the UK Defra GHG database. The GWP factors for CH4 and N2O emissions are from IPCC AR5 and AR4, depending on the supplier.
Air Travel: 20,732 t; Rail Travel: 158 t; Car: 5777 t; Hotel 46 t.

We consider Scope 3 emissions to be relevant if they are comparable to Scope 1+Scope 2 emissions. Business travel is 1% of S1+S2, therefore not relevant, but calculated nonetheless. Business travel and emissions increased in 2022 as COVID pandemic travel restrictions ceased. Though this is a very small element in our overall GHG footprint, we continue to reduce employee travel emissions in a number of ways, including encouraging virtual meetings.
Employee commuting
Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
564852
Emissions calculation methodology
Hybrid method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
0
Please explain
Globally, 2022 employee commuting emissions were 18% lower than pre-pandemic commuting in 2019. However, 2022 emissions are 25% higher than in 2021 as increasing numbers of salaried workers have returned to onsite work one or more days per week. Hourly manufacturing employees are ~60% of the workforce and are onsite daily.
Employee commuting emissions are calculated from 2019 survey data and extrapolated to the workforce. A global employee commuting survey gathered data about commute distance, number of commuting days, travel mode, and vehicle make/model/year. CO2 emissions for each employee were calculated as # Days x Distance per Day x CO2/distance factors and summed to get total emissions by region. Using 2019 and 2022 monthly building entry count data (electronic “badge swipes”) we calculated the reduction in onsite employees and scaled the regional emissions. The regional totals were extrapolated from the scaled survey sample totals to the entire 2022 employee population.
The CO2/distance emission factors were obtained from multiple sources as follows. For cars and light trucks, vehicle efficiency (MPG, L/100 km, kWh/100 km, or g CO2/km) are from www.fueleconomy.gov (U.S.) or UK Vehicle Certification Agency (rest of the world). The vehicle factors are multiplied by fuel emission factors (g CO2/L fuel) from Argonne National Laboratory’s GREET model to get gCO2/km. For public transit modes, the CO2/distance factors are from UK DEFRA and US EPA. Electricity CO2 factors (kg/MWh) are from US EPA eGRID.

We consider Scope 3 emissions to be relevant if they are comparable to Scope 1+Scope 2 emissions. Employee commuting is 20% of S1+S2, and therefore deemed to be relevant. Though this is a small element in our overall GHG footprint, we are reducing employee travel and commuting emissions in a number of ways, including allowing hybrid work schedules, encouraging virtual meetings, and facilitating employees' use of electric vehicles by offering on-site vehicle charging at many facilities.
Upstream leased assets
Evaluation status
Not relevant, explanation provided
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
Leased assets are included in Scope 1 and Scope 2 calculations.
Downstream transportation and distribution
Evaluation status
Not relevant, explanation provided
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
Downstream data for this category is reported under category 4, Upstream T&D. Downstream transport of finished product (vehicles) to our retail network (dealerships) is carried out using freight that we pay for and control. Based on our understanding of GHG Protocol Scope 3 Category definitions we have therefore included these emissions within Category 4- Upstream Transportation.
Processing of sold products
Evaluation status
Not relevant, explanation provided
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
Most of our vehicles are finished products requiring no processing for customer use. A small fraction, 6.5% of our US vehicle production volume, is ”incomplete vehicles”. An incomplete vehicle consists of, at a minimum, a chassis and powertrain and often includes some front body and may require some post-processing. Such post processing is deemed to be not relevant as it is considerably less CO2-intensive than production of the incomplete vehicles themselves, which is captured in our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.
Use of sold products
Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
319568185
Emissions calculation methodology
Hybrid method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
0
Please explain
Our method calculates the global lifetime on-road well-to-wheels (WTW) absolute CO2e emissions. For 2022, we have updated our reporting to include regions that do not have regulatory reporting requirements. The previous years’ emissions have been restated in C6.5a with global data, for comparison. We use regulatory gCO2/km where available and apply average data from the regulatory analysis to the unregulated regions. The lifetime on-road well-to-wheels (WTW) absolute CO2 emissions were calculated as follows. First, convert tank-to-wheels (TTW) test-cycle data to on-road WTW as follows. Equations: For internal combustion vehicles, WTW gCO2e/km=TTW gCO2/km x Well-to-tank (WTT) factor x WLTP factor x On-road factor. For electric vehicles (BEVs and PHEVs), WTW g CO2e/km emissions from electricity generation=test-cycle vehicle average kWh/km x WLTP factor x On-road Factor x Electric Grid CO2e-intensity. Second, multiply WTW gCO2e/km x # vehicles sold in 2022 x lifetime km/vehicle to get absolute CO2e emissions. The CO2e for each regional sub-fleet is summed to give the global total CO2e. The conversion factors and references are: WTT factor for upstream fuel production emissions is ~1.25 (varies by region, fuel - ref. GREET2019 Argonne National Labs; JEC WTW Study v.4); WLTP factor converts from NEDC or CAFE test cycle to WLTP (1.13-1.15, ref. ICCT); On-road factor conversion from WLTP test is 1.1 (ref. SBTi Framework); Electric Grid CO2e-intensity (gCO2kWh) varies by region; ref. IEA World Energy Outlook. Lifetime km/vehicle is assumed to be 240,000 km for LDVs and 298,000 km for HDVs.
GHGs from air conditioning refrigerant leakage over the lifetime (10 years) of the vehicle are included. The CO2-equivalent global warming potentials for the refrigerants are based on IPCC AR6 (R-134a GWP=1526, R-1234yf=0.5). The A/C CO2e emissions are small compared to WTW, about 0.2 million metric tons.
Use of Sold Products is 100+ times greater than S1+S2, and thus deemed relevant. The 11% increase from 2021 to 2022 in on-road WTW t CO2e is due to 3% higher vehicle gCO2e/km and 7% increase in sales. The CO2 intensity increased because of an increase in the sales share of commercial vehicles, which are larger and have higher gCO2/km. The calculated emissions represent the lifetime CO2e from the vehicles Ford sold in 2022.
End of life treatment of sold products
Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
1178242
Emissions calculation methodology
Hybrid method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
0
Please explain
We calculate the emissions associated with the end-of-life of the vehicles sold in 2022 using a vehicle disposal factor of 0.136 kg CO2eq/kg vehicle mass from Argonne National Labs’ GREET2022 model. Vehicle masses were available for the U.S. fleet. For all other regions we assumed an average vehicle mass: 1444 kg for cars, 1761 kg for SUVs, 2037 kg for trucks (ref. GREET2022). We applied the mass and disposal factors to 2022 sales data for cars, light trucks, and light commercial vehicles globally. This is an expansion of the regions covered in previous years reporting.

We consider Scope 3 emissions to be relevant if they are comparable to Scope 1+Scope 2 emissions. End of Life is 42% of S1+S2, and therefore deemed to be relevant. Total end of life emissions increased 34% from 2021 to 2022 due primarily to 2022 same-region vehicle sales increasing (4%); adding the new regions to report the global total (22%); and higher emissions factors from GREET2022 compared to GREET2020 (4%). The emissions from the ELV (end of life, vehicle) stage are considered in all Ford LCA activities. From those and other auto industry studies (e.g. Life Cycle Assessment of Lightweight and End-of-Life Scenarios for Generic Compact Class Passenger Vehicles) we have learned that the environmental impact of the ELV stage accounts for 1-3% throughout the entire life cycle. In addition, they depend very much on the local conditions of the ELV treatment operators on which Ford has no influence. These learnings are influencing our decisions to set the right emphasis on the different areas of our sustainability strategy.

Downstream leased assets
Evaluation status
Not relevant, explanation provided
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
A downstream leased asset is a Ford owned facility that we lease some or all to non-Ford tenants. The combined emissions for those facilities would be less than 5% of Scope 1+Scope 2 emissions, our threshold for relevance.
Franchises
Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
1976291
Emissions calculation methodology
Fuel-based method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
100
Please explain
This value is based on data from Ford’s U.S. and German dealerships. Ford’s U.S. dealerships were analyzed comprehensively as part of the Go Green Dealership program. Based on their utility usage, an annual average GHG footprint of 600 metric tons CO2e per dealership was determined. This emission factor was applied across 3263 United States dealerships, to arrive at 1,957,800 metric tons CO2e annual emissions. In 2018, Ford became the first automaker to offer energy consulting advice to its German dealers Over 200 dealerships participated, reducing their collective annual CO2 to 18491 metric tons in 2022, a nearly 50% reduction. Most of the reduction came from installing photovoltaic electricity.

In 2022 there were approximately 9600 Ford dealerships worldwide. However, the U.S. and German emission factors cannot be extrapolated to worldwide Ford dealerships owing to substantial variability in global dealership footprint and utility use based on region-specific weather.

We consider Scope 3 emissions to be relevant if they are comparable to Scope 1+Scope 2 emissions. Franchises are 71% of S1+S2, and therefore deemed to be relevant. The U.S. data used are from the Go Green Dealership program that ended in 2018.
Investments
Evaluation status
Not relevant, explanation provided
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
Compared to the vehicle use phase and other, larger scale categories, this is a small impact. Ford is not an investment company. We include scope 1 and scope 2 emissions from our financing subsidiary, Ford Credit, in our scope 1 and scope 2 emissions.
Other (upstream)
Evaluation status
Please select
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
Other (downstream)
Evaluation status
Please select
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
C6.5a
(C6.5a) Disclose or restate your Scope 3 emissions data for previous years.
Past year 1
Start date
January 1 2021
End date
December 31 2021
Scope 3: Purchased goods and services (metric tons CO2e)
45957880
Scope 3: Capital goods (metric tons CO2e)
2283630
Scope 3: Fuel and energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Upstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Waste generated in operations (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Business travel (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Employee commuting (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Upstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Downstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Processing of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Use of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
289146167
Scope 3: End of life treatment of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Downstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Franchises (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Investments (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Other (upstream) (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Other (downstream) (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
PURCHASED GOODS & SERVICES, CAPITAL GOODS: These emissions are restated. The changes are minor and are due to restatements of prior data by our suppliers in their CDP responses.
USE OF SOLD PRODUCTS: This value has been restated to expand to global reporting covering all vehicles sold in 2021. Previously only regions/countries with robust regulatory vehicle CO2 data were reported. GHG emissions from mobile air conditioning leakage are also updated.
Past year 2
Start date
January 1 2020
End date
December 31 2020
Scope 3: Purchased goods and services (metric tons CO2e)
43619807
Scope 3: Capital goods (metric tons CO2e)
1443957
Scope 3: Fuel and energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Upstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Waste generated in operations (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Business travel (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Employee commuting (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Upstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Downstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Processing of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Use of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
312226854
Scope 3: End of life treatment of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Downstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Franchises (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Investments (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Other (upstream) (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Other (downstream) (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
PURCHASED GOODS & SERVICES, CAPITAL GOODS: These emissions are restated. The changes are minor and are due to restatements of prior data by our suppliers in their CDP responses.
USE OF SOLD PRODUCTS: This value has been restated to expand to global reporting covering all vehicles sold in 2020. Previously only regions/countries with robust regulatory vehicle CO2 data were reported. GHG emissions from mobile air conditioning leakage for vehicles sold in 2020 were not previously reported and have been added here.
Past year 3
Start date
January 1 2019
End date
December 31 2019
Scope 3: Purchased goods and services (metric tons CO2e)
45090301
Scope 3: Capital goods (metric tons CO2e)
1347286
Scope 3: Fuel and energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Upstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Waste generated in operations (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Business travel (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Employee commuting (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Upstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Downstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Processing of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Use of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
422762449
Scope 3: End of life treatment of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Downstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Franchises (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Investments (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Other (upstream) (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 3: Other (downstream) (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
PURCHASED GOODS & SERVICES, CAPITAL GOODS: These emissions are restated. The changes are minor and are due to restatements of prior data by our suppliers in their CDP responses.
USE OF SOLD PRODUCTS: This value has been restated to expand to global reporting covering all vehicles sold in 2019. Previously only regions/countries with robust regulatory vehicle CO2 data were reported. GHG emissions from mobile air conditioning leakage for vehicles sold in 2019 were not previously reported and have been added here.
C6.7
(C6.7) Are carbon dioxide emissions from biogenic carbon relevant to your organization?
No
C6.10
(C6.10) Describe your gross global combined Scope 1 and 2 emissions for the reporting year in metric tons CO2e per unit currency total revenue and provide any additional intensity metrics that are appropriate to your business operations.
Intensity figure
0.0000176
Metric numerator (Gross global combined Scope 1 and 2 emissions, metric tons CO2e)
2789982.02
Metric denominator
unit total revenue
Metric denominator: Unit total
158100000000
Scope 2 figure used
Market-based
% change from previous year
21.65
Direction of change
Decreased
Reason(s) for change
Change in renewable energy consumption
Other emissions reduction activities
Change in revenue
Please explain
Emissions decreased while revenue increased. The 2021 intensity figure was 0.0000225 with gross total emissions of 3,070,035 mT C02e and gross revenue of 136,300,000,000. The 2022 intensity figure was 0.0000176 with gross total emissions of 2,789,982 mT C02e and gross revenue of 158,100,000,000. This allowed for a decrease of 21.65% using ((0.0000225-0.0000176/0.0000225)). Energy improvement projects for lighting efficiencies and process optimization at manufacturing locations led to the total decrease in emissions as well as low-carbon energy sourcing.
Intensity figure
0.647
Metric numerator (Gross global combined Scope 1 and 2 emissions, metric tons CO2e)
2789982.02
Metric denominator
vehicle produced
Metric denominator: Unit total
4312464
Scope 2 figure used
Market-based
% change from previous year
19.94
Direction of change
Decreased
Reason(s) for change
Change in renewable energy consumption
Other emissions reduction activities
Change in output
Please explain
Vehicle production increased while emissions decreased. The 2021 intensity figure was 0.808 with gross total emissions of 3,070,034.6 mT C02e and total production of 3,799,038 vehicles. The 2022 intensity figure was 0.647 with gross total emissions of 2,789,982.02 mT C02e and total production of 4,312,464 vehicles. This resulted in a 19.94% decrease in emissions per vehicle produced ((0.647-0.808/0.647)). Energy improvement projects for lighting efficiencies and process optimization at manufacturing locations led to the total decrease in emissions as well as low-carbon energy sourcing.
C7. Emissions breakdowns
C7.1
(C7.1) Does your organization break down its Scope 1 emissions by greenhouse gas type?
Yes
C7.1a
(C7.1a) Break down your total gross global Scope 1 emissions by greenhouse gas type and provide the source of each used greenhouse warming potential (GWP).
Greenhouse gas	Scope 1 emissions (metric tons of CO2e)	GWP Reference
CO2
1196098.64
IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5 – 100 year)
CH4
687.28
IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5 – 100 year)
N2O
952.61
IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5 – 100 year)
C7.2
(C7.2) Break down your total gross global Scope 1 emissions by country/area/region.
Country/area/region	Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
North America
891923.77
Europe
187938.89
Asia, Australasia
71519.43
South America
20478.24
Africa and Middle East
25878.2
C7.3
(C7.3) Indicate which gross global Scope 1 emissions breakdowns you are able to provide.
By activity
C7.3c
(C7.3c) Break down your total gross global Scope 1 emissions by business activity.
Activity	Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Manufacturing Operations
972758.84
Non-Manufacturing Operations
224979.69
C-CE7.4/C-CH7.4/C-CO7.4/C-EU7.4/C-MM7.4/C-OG7.4/C-ST7.4/C-TO7.4/C-TS7.4
(C-CE7.4/C-CH7.4/C-CO7.4/C-EU7.4/C-MM7.4/C-OG7.4/C-ST7.4/C-TO7.4/C-TS7.4) Break down your organization’s total gross global Scope 1 emissions by sector production activity in metric tons CO2e.
Gross Scope 1 emissions, metric tons CO2e	Net Scope 1 emissions , metric tons CO2e	Comment
Cement production activities	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Chemicals production activities	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Coal production activities	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Electric utility activities	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Metals and mining production activities	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Oil and gas production activities (upstream)	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Oil and gas production activities (midstream)	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Oil and gas production activities (downstream)	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Steel production activities	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Transport OEM activities	
972758.84
<Not Applicable>
Ford had total Scope 1 emissions from our manufacturing operations of 972,758.84 tCO2e
Transport services activities	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
C7.5
(C7.5) Break down your total gross global Scope 2 emissions by country/area/region.
Country/area/region	Scope 2, location-based (metric tons CO2e)	Scope 2, market-based (metric tons CO2e)
North America
1698272.82
1085220.35
Europe
434243.39
92050.4
Asia, Australasia
329408.47
329408.47
South America
18699.45
8874.99
Africa and Middle East
76689.28
76689.28
C7.6
(C7.6) Indicate which gross global Scope 2 emissions breakdowns you are able to provide.
By activity
C7.6c
(C7.6c) Break down your total gross global Scope 2 emissions by business activity.
Activity	Scope 2, location-based (metric tons CO2e)	Scope 2, market-based (metric tons CO2e)
Manufacturing Operations
2073609.72
1274590.41
Non-Manufacturing Operations
483703.7
317653.08
C7.7
(C7.7) Is your organization able to break down your emissions data for any of the subsidiaries included in your CDP response?
No
C-CE7.7/C-CH7.7/C-CO7.7/C-MM7.7/C-OG7.7/C-ST7.7/C-TO7.7/C-TS7.7
(C-CE7.7/C-CH7.7/C-CO7.7/C-MM7.7/C-OG7.7/C-ST7.7/C-TO7.7/C-TS7.7) Break down your organization’s total gross global Scope 2 emissions by sector production activity in metric tons CO2e.
Scope 2, location-based, metric tons CO2e	Scope 2, market-based (if applicable), metric tons CO2e	Comment
Cement production activities	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Chemicals production activities	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Coal production activities	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Metals and mining production activities	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Oil and gas production activities (upstream)	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Oil and gas production activities (midstream)	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Oil and gas production activities (downstream)	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Steel production activities	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Transport OEM activities	
2073610
1274590
In 2022, Ford's total Scope 2 location-based emissions from manufacturing operations were 2,073,610 mtCO2e and Ford's total Scope 2 market-based emissions from manufacturing were 1,274,590 mtCO2e.
Transport services activities	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
C-TO7.8
(C-TO7.8) Provide primary intensity metrics that are appropriate to your indirect emissions in Scope 3 Category 11: Use of sold products from transport.
Activity
Heavy Duty Vehicles (HDV)
Emissions intensity figure
0.000257
Metric numerator (Scope 3 emissions: use of sold products) in Metric tons CO2e
27737853.78
Metric denominator
t.km
Metric denominator: Unit total
107747545949
% change from previous year
-3.2
Vehicle unit sales in reporting year
127500
Vehicle lifetime in years
10
Annual distance in km or miles (unit specified by column 4)
25716
Load factor
The 2022 HDV fleet average load factor is 3.29 metric tons. The load factors are taken from the payloads defined in the U.S. heavy duty fuel consumption and GHG emission regulations. The payload load factors are defined as 2.59 metric tons for vehicles classified as light heavy duty (LHD) and 5.08 metric tons for medium heavy duty vehicles (MHD). The 2022 sales-weighted average load factor is 3.29 metric tons. Note that this is based only on the US and Canadian fleets where we have robust regulatory data. Other HDVs are excluded from this question.
Please explain the changes, and relevant standards/methodologies used
The HDV tCO2e/t.km decreased from 2021 to 2022 primarily due to a smaller numerator (-3.1%) reflecting both lower sales and improved fleet average efficiency. The denominator increased 0.2% as the sales share of higher payload vehicles increased. The resulting annual change was a 3.2% reduction in HDV tCO2e/t.km.
Note that this metric is based only on the US and Canadian fleets where we have robust HDV regulatory data. HDVs in other regions are excluded from this question.
The data are taken from U.S. and Canadian regulatory gCO2e/ton-mile values and converted to well-to-wheels on-road CO2e following the GHG Protocol. The annual distance and load factors are the sales-weighted average of the light heavy duty (LHD) and medium heavy duty (MHD) classifications. The useful life is defined as 241350 km (150,000 miles, LHD) and 297,665 km (185,000 miles, MHD) (U.S. regulations) and divided over an assumed 10-year life.
Activity
Light Duty Vehicles (LDV)
Emissions intensity figure
0.000174
Metric numerator (Scope 3 emissions: use of sold products) in Metric tons CO2e
235399450.2
Metric denominator
p.km
Metric denominator: Unit total
1353462081569
% change from previous year
3.8
Vehicle unit sales in reporting year
3358013
Vehicle lifetime in years
10
Annual distance in km or miles (unit specified by column 4)
24135
Load factor
The load factor of 1.67 passengers per vehicle is based on passenger vehicle occupancy factors in the U.S. published in the 2017 U.S. National Household Transportation Survey (https://nhts.ornl.gov/). We use the same occupancy factors for all regions of the world. Little data is available. European data from 20 years ago (https://www.eea.europa.eu/publications/ENVISSUENo12/page029.html) is consistent with the 2017 U.S. factors.
Please explain the changes, and relevant standards/methodologies used
This answer includes only light-duty vehicles in regions that have robust regulatory data itemized by LDV types: data for cars and light commercial vehicles in the US, EU, China, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Australia, South Korea, and Saudi Arabia. The LDV tCO2e/p.km decreased from 2021 to 2022 primarily due to a larger share of light commercial vehicles being sold in 2022, particularly Class 2b-3 trucks and vans in the U.S. Both the absolute tCO2e in the numerator and the passenger km (p.km) in the denominator increased, +8.2% and +4.2%, respectively, leading to a 3.8% increase in the ratio. The absolute CO2e in the numerator increased more than in the denominator because of a greater share of light commercial vehicles being sold in 2022 than 2021.
We calculate the numerator, total lifetime use of sold products, following the GHG Protocol as described in question C6.5 and summarized here. Our methodology includes upstream emissions for an on-road well-to-wheels total CO2 calculation. 2022 sales and tank-to-wheels gCO2e/km emissions are converted to on-road WTW CO2e. The global LDV fleet average sales-weighted WTW gCO2e/km was calculated. Assuming 241,000 km lifetime, the total tonnes CO2e emissions of the 2022 fleet were calculated.
C7.9
(C7.9) How do your gross global emissions (Scope 1 and 2 combined) for the reporting year compare to those of the previous reporting year?
Decreased
C7.9a
(C7.9a) Identify the reasons for any change in your gross global emissions (Scope 1 and 2 combined), and for each of them specify how your emissions compare to the previous year.
Change in emissions (metric tons CO2e)	Direction of change in emissions	Emissions value (percentage)	Please explain calculation
Change in renewable energy consumption	
390002
Decreased
12.7
In 2022, 1,001,523 tCO2e emissions were reduced through increased use of renewable energy in our North American, European, and South American operations. In 2021, 611,520 tCO2e emissions were reduced through increased use of renewable energy in our North American, European, and South American operations. This total decrease in emissions due to increased renewable energy was 1,001,523 - 611,520 = 390,002 tCO2e. Therefore, we arrived at 12.7% through (390,002/3,070,035)*100 = 12.7%, where the total S1+S2 market-based emissions in 2021 were 3,070,035 tCO2e.
Other emissions reduction activities	
5599
Decreased
0.2
In 2022, 5,599 tCO2e were reduced through our energy efficiency and emission reduction projects globally. The 0.2% was arrived through the following calculations: (5,599/3,070,035)*100= 0.2% where the total S1 + S2 market-based emissions for 2021 were 3,070,035 tCO2e.
Divestment		
<Not Applicable>
Acquisitions		
<Not Applicable>
Mergers		
<Not Applicable>
Change in output	
115549
Increased
3.8
Ford estimates that the remaining change in emissions in 2022, beyond renewable energy consumption and other emissions reduction activities, is attributable to changes in production output. In 2022, vehicle production increased by 13.5% globally at Ford compared to 2021. Ford is estimating an increase of 115,549 tCO2e attributed to production increases, based on the remaining difference in emissions between 2021 and 2022. The 3.8% was arrived through the following calculations: (115,549/3,070,035)*100= 3.8% where the total S1 + S2 market-based emissions for 2021 were 3,070,035 tCO2e.
Change in methodology		
<Not Applicable>
Change in boundary		
<Not Applicable>
Change in physical operating conditions		
<Not Applicable>
Unidentified		
<Not Applicable>
Other		
<Not Applicable>
C7.9b
(C7.9b) Are your emissions performance calculations in C7.9 and C7.9a based on a location-based Scope 2 emissions figure or a market-based Scope 2 emissions figure?
Market-based
C8. Energy
C8.1
(C8.1) What percentage of your total operational spend in the reporting year was on energy?
More than 0% but less than or equal to 5%
C8.2
(C8.2) Select which energy-related activities your organization has undertaken.
Indicate whether your organization undertook this energy-related activity in the reporting year
Consumption of fuel (excluding feedstocks)	
Yes
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity	
Yes
Consumption of purchased or acquired heat	
No
Consumption of purchased or acquired steam	
Yes
Consumption of purchased or acquired cooling	
No
Generation of electricity, heat, steam, or cooling	
Yes
C8.2a
(C8.2a) Report your organization’s energy consumption totals (excluding feedstocks) in MWh.
Heating value	MWh from renewable sources	MWh from non-renewable sources	Total (renewable and non-renewable) MWh
Consumption of fuel (excluding feedstock)	
HHV (higher heating value)
29.25
6539642.81
6539672.06
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity	
<Not Applicable>
1992004.86
3344416.53
5336421.39
Consumption of purchased or acquired heat	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased or acquired steam	
<Not Applicable>
0
669349.61
669349.61
Consumption of purchased or acquired cooling	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy	
<Not Applicable>
34139.41
<Not Applicable>
34139.41
Total energy consumption	
<Not Applicable>
2026173.52
10553408.95
12579582.47
C8.2b
(C8.2b) Select the applications of your organization’s consumption of fuel.
Indicate whether your organization undertakes this fuel application
Consumption of fuel for the generation of electricity	
No
Consumption of fuel for the generation of heat	
Yes
Consumption of fuel for the generation of steam	
No
Consumption of fuel for the generation of cooling	
No
Consumption of fuel for co-generation or tri-generation	
Yes
C8.2c
(C8.2c) State how much fuel in MWh your organization has consumed (excluding feedstocks) by fuel type.
Sustainable biomass
Heating value
HHV
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
29.25
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
29.25
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
0
Comment
Ford consumed a total of 29.25 MWh using sustainable biomass fuel in 2022.
Other biomass
Heating value
HHV
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
0
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
0
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
0
Comment
Ford did not consume any MWh using other biomass in 2022.
Other renewable fuels (e.g. renewable hydrogen)
Heating value
HHV
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
0
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
0
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
0
Comment
Ford did not consume any MWh using other renewable fuels, such as renewable hydrogen in 2022.
Coal
Heating value
HHV
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
69227.14
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
69227.14
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
0
Comment
Ford consumed 69,227.14 MWh of coal sourced fuel in 2022.
Oil
Heating value
HHV
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
124620.34
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
124620.34
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
0
Comment
Ford consumed 124,620.34 MWh of oil sourced fuel energy in 2022.
Gas
Heating value
HHV
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
6345795.33
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
6178066.39
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
167728.94
Comment
Ford consumed a total of 6,345,795.33 MWh of energy with gas as a fuel source in 2022.
Other non-renewable fuels (e.g. non-renewable hydrogen)
Heating value
HHV
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
0
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
0
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
0
Comment
Ford consumed 0 MWh of energy sourced from other renewable fuels in 2022.
Total fuel
Heating value
HHV
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
6539672.06
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
6539672.06
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
0
Comment
Ford consumed a total of 6,539,672.06 MWh of energy in 2022.
C8.2d
(C8.2d) Provide details on the electricity, heat, steam, and cooling your organization has generated and consumed in the reporting year.
Total Gross generation (MWh)	Generation that is consumed by the organization (MWh)	Gross generation from renewable sources (MWh)	Generation from renewable sources that is consumed by the organization (MWh)
Electricity	
111837
107676
38300
34139
Heat	
0
0
0
0
Steam	
54933
54933
0
0
Cooling	
0
0
0
0
C8.2e
(C8.2e) Provide details on the electricity, heat, steam, and/or cooling amounts that were accounted for at a zero or near-zero emission factor in the market-based Scope 2 figure reported in C6.3.
Country/area of low-carbon energy consumption
Argentina
Sourcing method
Physical power purchase agreement (physical PPA) with a grid-connected generator
Energy carrier
Electricity
Low-carbon technology type
Wind
Low-carbon energy consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
30512.56
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of the low-carbon energy or energy attribute
Argentina
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2016
Comment
Ford obtains wind energy through a PPA contract.
Country/area of low-carbon energy consumption
Germany
Sourcing method
Unbundled procurement of energy attribute certificates (EACs)
Energy carrier
Electricity
Low-carbon technology type
Hydropower (capacity unknown)
Low-carbon energy consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
230978.8
Tracking instrument used
GO
Country/area of origin (generation) of the low-carbon energy or energy attribute
Norway
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2003
Comment
Ford obtains unbundled energy attribute certificates (EAC) directly from the electricity provider.
Country/area of low-carbon energy consumption
Mexico
Sourcing method
Unbundled procurement of energy attribute certificates (EACs)
Energy carrier
Electricity
Low-carbon technology type
Wind
Low-carbon energy consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
105938
Tracking instrument used
I-REC
Country/area of origin (generation) of the low-carbon energy or energy attribute
Mexico
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2012
Comment
Ford obtains unbundled energy attribute certificates (EAC) directly from the electricity provider.
Country/area of low-carbon energy consumption
Romania
Sourcing method
Unbundled procurement of energy attribute certificates (EACs)
Energy carrier
Electricity
Low-carbon technology type
Low-carbon energy mix, please specify (Solar and Wind)
Low-carbon energy consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
92619.12
Tracking instrument used
GO
Country/area of origin (generation) of the low-carbon energy or energy attribute
Romania
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2013
Comment
Ford obtains guarantees of origin for its electricity supply in Romania by direct contract through unbundled energy attribute certificates purchase.
Country/area of low-carbon energy consumption
Spain
Sourcing method
Unbundled procurement of energy attribute certificates (EACs)
Energy carrier
Electricity
Low-carbon technology type
Solar
Low-carbon energy consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
205479.73
Tracking instrument used
GO
Country/area of origin (generation) of the low-carbon energy or energy attribute
Spain
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
No
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
<Not Applicable>
Comment
Ford purchases unbundled energy attribute certificates in the form of GOs for operations in Spain
Country/area of low-carbon energy consumption
Turkey
Sourcing method
Unbundled procurement of energy attribute certificates (EACs)
Energy carrier
Electricity
Low-carbon technology type
Hydropower (capacity unknown)
Low-carbon energy consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
281418.98
Tracking instrument used
I-REC
Country/area of origin (generation) of the low-carbon energy or energy attribute
Turkey
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2012
Comment
Ford obtains I-REC certificates directly from the utility supplier through unbundled energy attribute certificates purchase in Turkey.
Country/area of low-carbon energy consumption
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Sourcing method
Unbundled procurement of energy attribute certificates (EACs)
Energy carrier
Electricity
Low-carbon technology type
Renewable energy mix, please specify (Wind and other renewables managed by utility)
Low-carbon energy consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
148575.59
Tracking instrument used
GO
Country/area of origin (generation) of the low-carbon energy or energy attribute
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
No
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
<Not Applicable>
Comment
Ford purchases unbundled energy attribute certificates in the form of GOs for operations in the UK.
Country/area of low-carbon energy consumption
United States of America
Sourcing method
Unbundled procurement of energy attribute certificates (EACs)
Energy carrier
Electricity
Low-carbon technology type
Nuclear
Low-carbon energy consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
413139.91
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of the low-carbon energy or energy attribute
United States of America
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
1986
Comment
Ford receives a carbon-free electricity product provided by one of its utilities in Ohio, US.
Country/area of low-carbon energy consumption
United States of America
Sourcing method
Unbundled procurement of energy attribute certificates (EACs)
Energy carrier
Electricity
Low-carbon technology type
Low-carbon energy mix, please specify (Solar and Wind)
Low-carbon energy consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
705164.86
Tracking instrument used
US-REC
Country/area of origin (generation) of the low-carbon energy or energy attribute
United States of America
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2021
Comment
Ford purchases US-RECs for operations in the United States of America.
C8.2g
(C8.2g) Provide a breakdown by country/area of your non-fuel energy consumption in the reporting year.
Country/area
Argentina
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
53937.38
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Australia
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
15897.82
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Austria
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
331.05
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Belgium
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
3270.82
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Brazil
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
10324.78
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Canada
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
306918.65
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Chile
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
402.53
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
China
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
308140.24
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
15825.86
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Colombia
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
579.95
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Czechia
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
306.81
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Denmark
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
187.89
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Finland
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
391.63
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
France
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
2078.45
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Germany
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
240910.72
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
72918.96
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
331901.26
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
54933.38
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Greece
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
20.68
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Hungary
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
2057.4
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
India
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
64407.38
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Ireland
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
244.51
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Israel
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
54.81
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Mexico
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
323183.27
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Morocco
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
7.62
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Netherlands
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
321.28
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Republic of Korea
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
45.02
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
New Zealand
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
964.19
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Norway
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
195.55
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Peru
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
238.94
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Philippines
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
39.65
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Poland
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
257.99
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Portugal
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
65.77
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Romania
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
92755.07
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
77448.66
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Russian Federation
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
14.19
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
South Africa
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
84625.81
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
11693.88
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Spain
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
205752.14
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Sweden
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
731.68
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Switzerland
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
447.44
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Taiwan, China
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
15326.4
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Thailand
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
119638.33
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
6619.67
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Turkey
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
281418.98
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
United Arab Emirates
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
1702.94
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
173860.11
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
10132.2
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
United States of America
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
2995117.72
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
249867.49
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Viet Nam
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
29247.77
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
C-TO8.5
(C-TO8.5) Provide any efficiency metrics that are appropriate for your organization’s transport products and/or services.
Activity
Light Duty Vehicles (LDV)
Metric figure
0.00029
Metric numerator
tCO2e
Metric denominator
Use phase: Vehicle.km
Metric numerator: Unit total
235399450
Metric denominator: Unit total
810456336269
% change from previous year
3.8
Please explain
The tCO2e/vehicle km of the global Ford LDV fleet Increased from 2021 to 2022 primarily due to a larger share of light commercial vehicle sales. Both the numerator (tCO2e) and the denominator (vehicle km) increased due to increased sales. However, the numerator increased more (8.2%) than the denominator (4.2%) because of the larger share of light commercial vehicles, leading to an overall increase in t/km of 3.8%.
This answer includes only light-duty vehicles in regions that have robust regulatory data itemized by LDV types: data for cars and light commercial vehicles in the US, EU, China, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Australia, South Korea, and Saudi Arabia.
We calculate the numerator, total lifetime use of sold products, following the GHG Protocol as described in question C6.5 and summarized here: 2022 sales and tank-to-wheels gCO2e/km emissions data for cars and light commercial vehicles was collected for US, EU, China, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Australia, South Korea and Saudi Arabia. The data were converted to on-road well-to-wheels CO2e, and the global fleet average sales-weighted gCO2e/km was calculated. Assuming 241,000 km lifetime, the total CO2e emissions of the 2022 LDV fleet were calculated as gCO2e/km x sales x lifetime km. The denominator is 2022 sales multiplied by 241,000 km lifetime travel. The t CO2e calculation methodology is comprehensive, reflecting on-road well-to-wheels CO2e (rather than test-cycle tank-to-wheels).
Activity
Heavy Duty Vehicles (HDV)
Metric figure
0.000846
Metric numerator
tCO2e
Metric denominator
Use phase: Vehicle.km
Metric numerator: Unit total
27737854
Metric denominator: Unit total
32788531409
% change from previous year
1.5
Please explain
Although both the numerator and the denominator of this metric decreased in 2022, the intensity ratio increased because the numerator decreased more slowly than the denominator. The overall tCO2e/vehicle km of the global Ford HDV fleet increased 1.5% from 2021 to 2022. The numerator (tCO2e) decreased 3.1% due to reduced sales in 2022, offset by a larger share of higher-emitting medium-duty HDVs in 2022 (typical annual variation in the light-HD, medium-HD sales mix). The denominator (vehicle km) decreased faster, 4.5% due to lower sales in 2022, offset by greater lifetime km due to the higher share of medium HDVs.
Note that this calculation is based only on the US and Canadian fleets where we have robust HDV regulatory data. Other HDVs are excluded from this question.
We calculate the numerator, total lifetime use of sold products, following the GHG Protocol as described in question C6.5 and summarized here: collect 2022 sales and tank-to-wheels gCO2e/ton-km emissions data for heavy duty vehicles in the U.S. and Canada. The data were converted to on-road well-to-wheels CO2e, and the global fleet average sales-weighted gCO2e/ton-km was calculated. The g/ton-km was converted to g/km by multiplying by the average payload of the LHD and MHD classes as defined by the U.S. EPA Multiplying gCO2e/km x vehicle sales x assumed lifetime travel of 241,000 km for the “light heavy duty” and 297,665 km for “medium heavy duty” vehicle classifications, the total CO2e emissions of the 2022 HDV fleet were calculated. The denominator is 2022 sales multiplied by the lifetime travel.
C9. Additional metrics
C9.1
(C9.1) Provide any additional climate-related metrics relevant to your business.
Description
Waste
Metric value
4.2
Metric numerator
kilograms
Metric denominator (intensity metric only)
vehicle produced
% change from previous year
4.21
Direction of change
Increased
Please explain
This figure is waste sent to landfill from global manufacturing operations, divided by global vehicles produced. Ford recognizes that landfills generate greenhouse gas emissions, and reduction in waste sent to landfill will reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Ford currently has 48 manufacturing plants that send zero waste to landfill. Ford continues to invest in its overall priority toward landfill avoidance, recognizing that landfills tend to be "temporary storage" of wastes as opposed to final disposal.
Description
Other, please specify (Global Freshwater Use)
Metric value
15.1
Metric numerator
million cubic meters
Metric denominator (intensity metric only)
% change from previous year
6.8
Direction of change
Increased
Please explain
Ford is committed to reducing water use and aspires to use freshwater only for human consumption, so that it does not detract from the local community’s ability to have access to freshwater. To further decrease our water consumption, we continue to integrate more water efficient processes and technologies in our manufacturing systems. In 2020, Ford established an absolute water target as this best represents any impact on our local ecosystem and communities. While absolute water usage in 2022 increased by 6.8%, our production increased by over 13%. This shows we used that water more efficiently due to various water reduction projects implemented over the year.
Description
Waste
Metric value
17.5
Metric numerator
Million Kilograms
Metric denominator (intensity metric only)
None
% change from previous year
7.4
Direction of change
Increased
Please explain
This figure is waste sent to landfill from global manufacturing operations.
C-TO9.3/C-TS9.3
(C-TO9.3/C-TS9.3) Provide tracking metrics for the implementation of low-carbon transport technology over the reporting year.
Activity
Light Duty Vehicles (LDV)
Metric
Production
Technology
Vehicle using bio-fuel
Metric figure
132888
Metric unit
Units
Explanation
In the U.S. in 2022, Ford produced 132,888 flexible-fuel vehicles (FFV) in the light-duty category. FFVs can use blended gasoline and ethanol up to 85% ethanol by volume (E85). Three FFV models are available in the U.S.: Explorer, F-150, Transit.
Activity
Heavy Duty Vehicles (HDV)
Metric
Production
Technology
Vehicle using bio-fuel
Metric figure
153510
Metric unit
Units
Explanation
In the U.S. in 2022, Ford produced 153,510 flexible-fuel vehicles (FFV) in the heavy-duty category. FFVs can use blended gasoline and ethanol up to 85% ethanol by volume (E85). Heavy duty FFV models available in the U.S. are F-250, F-350, and Transit.
Activity
Light Duty Vehicles (LDV)
Metric
Sales
Technology
Battery electric vehicle (BEV)
Metric figure
108567
Metric unit
Units
Explanation
In 2022, 108,567 electric vehicles were sold. EV models include the Mustang Mach-E, F-150 Lightning, and E-Transit.
Activity
Light Duty Vehicles (LDV)
Metric
Sales
Technology
Plug-in hybrid vehicle (PHEV)
Metric figure
80063
Metric unit
Units
Explanation
In 2022, 80,063 PHEVs were sold. PHEV models available include Escape/Kuga, Corsair, Aviator, and Tourneo Custom.
Activity
Light Duty Vehicles (LDV)
Metric
Sales
Technology
Conventional hybrid
Metric figure
156397
Metric unit
Units
Explanation
In 2022, 156,397 HEVs were sold. HEV models available include Escape/Kuga, F-150, Explorer, Mondeo, S-MAX, and Galaxy.
C-CE9.6/C-CG9.6/C-CH9.6/C-CN9.6/C-CO9.6/C-EU9.6/C-MM9.6/C-OG9.6/C-RE9.6/C-ST9.6/C-TO9.6/C-TS9.6
(C-CE9.6/C-CG9.6/C-CH9.6/C-CN9.6/C-CO9.6/C-EU9.6/C-MM9.6/C-OG9.6/C-RE9.6/C-ST9.6/C-TO9.6/C-TS9.6) Does your organization invest in research and development (R&D) of low-carbon products or services related to your sector activities?
Investment in low-carbon R&D	Comment
Row 1	
Yes
Ford has significant R&D efforts in many low-carbon technologies, products, and services. Key areas of research include vehicle electrification, batteries, hydrogen fuel cells, lightweight materials, and sustainable materials. Ford announced in 2022 that we are increasing our investment in electric vehicles and batteries to $50 billion from 2022 to 2026, or about $10 billion per year.
C-TO9.6a/C-TS9.6a
(C-TO9.6a/C-TS9.6a) Provide details of your organization’s investments in low-carbon R&D for transport-related activities over the last three years.
Activity
Light Duty Vehicles (LDV)
Technology area
Battery electric vehicle
Stage of development in the reporting year
Large scale commercial deployment
Average % of total R&D investment over the last 3 years
19
R&D investment figure in the reporting year (unit currency as selected in C0.4) (optional)
Average % of total R&D investment planned over the next 5 years
20
Explain how your R&D investment in this technology area is aligned with your climate commitments and/or climate transition plan
Battery electric vehicles are the key element of our transition plan to carbon neutrality by 2050. Vehicle use is the largest element of our GHG inventory. Accordingly our transition strategy includes significant ongoing investment in R&D, engineering, and manufacturing for vehicles and batteries.
Over the last three years we have made significant R&D investment in electric vehicles leading up to the EV models of our most iconic vehicles. Our all-electric Mustang Mach-E began selling in 2021 and the E-Transit commercial van and F-150 Lightning followed in 2022. All EVs are classified as low-carbon transport by the Climate Bonds Taxonomy (CBT, Table 4 of the CBT document “Land Transport Criteria: Version 2”). Funds from our first Green Bond were allocated in 2022 to development activities that will speed and expand introduction of breakthrough EVs into our product lineup. These investments include the development of eDrive motors and the unique tech-stack architecture required for electric vehicles.
In 2022 Ford announced we will invest $50 billion between 2022 and 2026 in electric vehicles and batteries. Of that, approximately 60% is for capex, 20% for expenses (incl. R&D), and 20% for direct investments (incl. JVs). Ford discloses total engineering, research, and development expenses in our Form 10-K. We don’t provide a specific breakdown for these expenses, so the above percentages are indicative only.
C10. Verification
C10.1
(C10.1) Indicate the verification/assurance status that applies to your reported emissions.
Verification/assurance status
Scope 1	
Third-party verification or assurance process in place
Scope 2 (location-based or market-based)	
Third-party verification or assurance process in place
Scope 3	
Third-party verification or assurance process in place
C10.1a
(C10.1a) Provide further details of the verification/assurance undertaken for your Scope 1 emissions, and attach the relevant statements.
Verification or assurance cycle in place
Annual process
Status in the current reporting year
Complete
Type of verification or assurance
Limited assurance
Attach the statement
Ford RY2022 CDP Letter (S1-2).pdf
Page/ section reference
Complete for 2022EY. This is the sixth year for Ford to complete a 100% global verification of Scope 1 and 2 emissions within their operational control. The final verification report from the third party auditor is attached - see pages 1 and 2.
Relevant standard
ISO14064-3
Proportion of reported emissions verified (%)
100
C10.1b
(C10.1b) Provide further details of the verification/assurance undertaken for your Scope 2 emissions and attach the relevant statements.
Scope 2 approach
Scope 2 location-based
Verification or assurance cycle in place
Annual process
Status in the current reporting year
Complete
Type of verification or assurance
Limited assurance
Attach the statement
Ford RY2022 CDP Letter (S1-2).pdf
Page/ section reference
Complete for 2022EY. This is the sixth year for Ford to complete a 100% global verification of Scope 1 and 2 emissions within their operational control. The final verification report from the third party auditor is attached - see pages 1 and 2.
Relevant standard
ISO14064-3
Proportion of reported emissions verified (%)
100
Scope 2 approach
Scope 2 market-based
Verification or assurance cycle in place
Annual process
Status in the current reporting year
Complete
Type of verification or assurance
Limited assurance
Attach the statement
Ford RY2022 CDP Letter (S1-2).pdf
Page/ section reference
Complete for 2022EY. This is the sixth year for Ford to complete a 100% global verification of Scope 1 and 2 emissions within their operational control. The final verification report from the third party auditor is attached - see pages 1 and 2.
Relevant standard
ISO14064-3
Proportion of reported emissions verified (%)
100
C10.1c
(C10.1c) Provide further details of the verification/assurance undertaken for your Scope 3 emissions and attach the relevant statements.
Scope 3 category
Scope 3: Use of sold products
Verification or assurance cycle in place
Annual process
Status in the current reporting year
Complete
Type of verification or assurance
Limited assurance
Attach the statement
Ford EY2022 Final Verification Statement.pdf
Ford EY2021 Final Verification Statement.pdf
Page/section reference
Complete for 2022EY. This is the fourth year for Ford to complete a 100% global verification of Scope 3 Use of Sold Products emissions. The final
verification report from the third party auditor is attached - see pages 2 and 3.
Relevant standard
ISO14064-3
Proportion of reported emissions verified (%)
100
C10.2
(C10.2) Do you verify any climate-related information reported in your CDP disclosure other than the emissions figures reported in C6.1, C6.3, and C6.5?
Yes
C10.2a
(C10.2a) Which data points within your CDP disclosure have been verified, and which verification standards were used?
Disclosure module verification relates to	Data verified	Verification standard	Please explain
C4. Targets and performance
Progress against emissions reduction target
ISO14064-3
Our carbon reduction strategy target disclosed in C4.1 has 2 components. Our near-term target is to reduce global Manufacturing Scope 1+2 emissions by 18% between 2017 and 2023. Our long-term target is to reduce total (Non-Manufacturing and Manufacturing) global Scope 1+2 emissions by 76% by 2035. We already annually verify 100% of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (C10.1a-b); we also verify our progress toward our targets. The 2022 data has been submitted and verified. Progress toward these targets is documented in C4.1a.
C6. Emissions data
Year on year change in emissions (Scope 1)
ISO14064-3
Our carbon reduction strategy target disclosed in C4.1 includes both scope 1 and scope 2 emissions. By verifying the change in Scope 1 emissions reported in C6.1 here, we provide increased transparency of how much progress we are making on each scope. We already annually verify 100% of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions so it is an additional benefit to provide verification of our annual change in Scope 1 emissions. In 2022, Ford emitted 1,197,738.53 metric tCO2e. In 2021, Ford emitted 1,069,906.74 metric tCO2e. The change in our Scope 1 emissions is an increase of 11.9%: [(1,197,738.53/1,069,906.74)-1]=0.119. 2022 data has been submitted and verified.
C6. Emissions data
Year on year change in emissions (Scope 2)
ISO14064-3
Our carbon reduction strategy target disclosed in C4.1 includes both scope 1 and scope 2 emissions. By verifying the change in scope 2 emissions reported in C6.3 here, we provide increased transparency of how much progress we are making on each scope. We already annually verify 100% of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions so it is an additional benefit to provide verification of our annual change in Scope 2 emissions. In 2021 Ford emitted 2,616,003.08 tCO2e location-based scope 2 emissions and in 2022 emitted 2,557,313.41 tCO2e location-based scope 2 emissions. This is a decrease of 2%: [(2,557,313.41/2,616,003.08) - 1] = -0.02. In 2021, Ford emitted 2,000,127.85 tCO2e market-based scope 2 emissions and in 2022 emitted 1,592,243.49 tCO2e market-based scope 2 emissions. This is a decrease of 20.4%: [(1,592,243.49/2,000,127.85) - 1] = -0.204. 2022 data has been submitted and verified.
C6. Emissions data
Year on year change in emissions (Scope 1 and 2)
ISO14064-3
Our carbon reduction strategy target disclosed in C4.1 includes both scope 1 and scope 2 emissions. By verifying the change in scope 1 and scope 2 emissions reported in C6.1 and C6.3 here, we provide increased transparency of how much progress we are making on each scope individually and collectively. We already annually verify 100% of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions so it is an additional benefit to provide verification of our annual change in Scope 1+2 emissions. Our combined Scope 1 (C6.1) +Scope 2 (C6.3) emissions decreased 9.1% from 2021 to 2022 for market-based scope 2 emissions and increased 1.9% for location-based scope 2 emissions. 2022 data has been submitted and verified.
MARKET BASED: 2021 S1+S2(market)= 1,069,906.7 + 2,000,127.9 = 3,070,034.6; 2022 S1+S2(market)= 1,197,738.5 + 1,592,243.5 = 2,789,982.0. The change in S1+S2(market)= [(2,789,982.0/3,070,034.6)-1]= -0.091 = -9.1%.
LOCATION BASED: 2021 S1+S2(location)= 1,069,906.7 + 2,616,003.1 = 3,685,909.8; 2022 S1+S2(location)= 1,197,738.5 + 2,557,313.4= 3,755,051.9. The change in S1+S2(location)= [(3,755,051.9/3,685,909.8)-1]= 0.019 = 1.9%
C11. Carbon pricing
C11.1
(C11.1) Are any of your operations or activities regulated by a carbon pricing system (i.e. ETS, Cap & Trade or Carbon Tax)?
Yes
C11.1a
(C11.1a) Select the carbon pricing regulation(s) which impacts your operations.
EU ETS
Ontario EPS - ETS
South Africa carbon tax
UK ETS
C11.1b
(C11.1b) Complete the following table for each of the emissions trading schemes you are regulated by.
EU ETS
% of Scope 1 emissions covered by the ETS
100
% of Scope 2 emissions covered by the ETS
0
Period start date
January 1 2022
Period end date
December 31 2022
Allowances allocated
12874
Allowances purchased
0
Verified Scope 1 emissions in metric tons CO2e
65094
Verified Scope 2 emissions in metric tons CO2e
0
Details of ownership
Facilities we own and operate
Comment
Ford had a total of 65,094 mtCO2e Scope 1 emissions verified through the EU ETS program. A total of 12,874 allowances were allocated with zero purchased.
Ontario EPS - ETS
% of Scope 1 emissions covered by the ETS
100
% of Scope 2 emissions covered by the ETS
0
Period start date
January 1 2022
Period end date
December 31 2022
Allowances allocated
62678
Allowances purchased
5778
Verified Scope 1 emissions in metric tons CO2e
68456
Verified Scope 2 emissions in metric tons CO2e
0
Details of ownership
Facilities we own and operate
Comment
For the 2022 compliance period, Ford is estimating that we will need to purchase 5,778 tCO2e allowances at a cost of $50/tonne (CDN), for a total compliance cost of $288,900 CDN. A total of 68,456 tCO2e Scope 1 emissions were calculated through the Ontario EPS program, with 62,678 allowances allocated and 5,778 allowances to be purchased. The Ontario EPS program verification due date is after the CDP report submittal date, so the emissions are an estimate and are subject to change.
UK ETS
% of Scope 1 emissions covered by the ETS
100
% of Scope 2 emissions covered by the ETS
0
Period start date
January 1 2022
Period end date
December 31 2022
Allowances allocated
4848
Allowances purchased
18652
Verified Scope 1 emissions in metric tons CO2e
19850
Verified Scope 2 emissions in metric tons CO2e
0
Details of ownership
Facilities we own and operate
Comment
Ford verified a total of 19,850 mtCO2e reportable Scope 1 emissions through the UK ETS program. A total of 4,848 allowances were allocated to Ford with 18,652 allowances purchased.
C11.1c
(C11.1c) Complete the following table for each of the tax systems you are regulated by.
South Africa carbon tax
Period start date
January 1 2022
Period end date
December 31 2022
% of total Scope 1 emissions covered by tax
100
Total cost of tax paid
681155.52
Comment
Ford paid a total of 681,155.52 R (rand) in 2022
C11.1d
(C11.1d) What is your strategy for complying with the systems you are regulated by or anticipate being regulated by?
Ford’s strategy to comply with the emissions trading systems is first to reduce emissions and where that is not possible, we purchase emissions allowances where necessary.  Ford has a dedicated regulatory compliance team which ensures that all compliance obligations from emissions trading schemes are met by the company.  In 2022, the team monitored regulatory developments, followed established procedures, carried out data reviews and internal audits. In 2022, monthly CO2 emissions were tracked in the Global Emissions Monitoring Database, which the compliance team used to assess emissions liability and to determine the need to purchase emissions allowances.  At the same time, Ford established a Carbon Emissions reduction strategy in 2010. It was updated in 2017, and a mid-term review completed in 2021, which aims to reduce the stationary CO2e emissions through energy efficiency actions and low-carbon energy projects. As of 2022, all purchased electricity for European operations is now low-carbon. Additionally, in 2021 and 2022, a significant focus was placed on long-term investment planning to reduce and eventually eliminate scope 1 emissions. A global cross functional team of environmental and energy efficiency experts collaborated to implement the strategy and develop the long-term plans. In 2022 and 2023, the global team focused on identifying potential projects at each plant to deliver Ford's CO2 reduction targets. The first projects will be implemented in North America between 2024-2026.

C11.2
(C11.2) Has your organization canceled any project-based carbon credits within the reporting year?
No
C11.3
(C11.3) Does your organization use an internal price on carbon?
Yes
C11.3a
(C11.3a) Provide details of how your organization uses an internal price on carbon.
Type of internal carbon price
Shadow price
How the price is determined
Alignment with the price of allowances under an Emissions Trading Scheme
Objective(s) for implementing this internal carbon price
Change internal behavior
Drive energy efficiency
Navigate GHG regulations
Scope(s) covered
Scope 1
Pricing approach used – spatial variance
Uniform
Pricing approach used – temporal variance
Evolutionary
Indicate how you expect the price to change over time
While we do not forecast prices, it seems likely the price will increase as we follow the market for the EU ETS. There will be 2.2% fewer allowances issued in 2023, 4.3% fewer allowances from 2024-2027, and 4.4% fewer allowances from 2028-2030, but the price may not increase at the same rate because implemented actions reduce the need for allowances.
Actual price(s) used – minimum (currency as specified in C0.4 per metric ton CO2e)
87
Actual price(s) used – maximum (currency as specified in C0.4 per metric ton CO2e)
87
Business decision-making processes this internal carbon price is applied to
Capital expenditure
Operations
Risk management
Mandatory enforcement of this internal carbon price within these business decision-making processes
No
Explain how this internal carbon price has contributed to the implementation of your organization’s climate commitments and/or climate transition plan
Various Ford sites in Europe are part of the EU Emissions Trading scheme, a cap and trade system where emissions need to be compensated with emissions allowances. Ford has established an internal trading system around this. Allowances are managed centrally and are traded internally between facilities. The internal price mirrors the fair market value of the emissions allowances (EUA).
The ETS price is also applied when evaluating energy efficiency actions. The potential savings in the cost of carbon are part of the project evaluation. The following is an example of where the company utilized the internal price of carbon during the project investment evaluation. At the Valencia, Spain location, for the Steam Elimination and O&M project a market rate of carbon of €30T was used in 2020. The project scope included the shutdown of 2 40-MW steam boilers used for seasonal space heating and to reinforce our summer heating high pressure hot water boilers with an additional 20-MW of installed capacity. Also included was the replacement of a low pressure air compressor and full controls package for the autonomous operation of heat, compressed air and chilled water. Project investment was approved based on total savings and cost avoidances in order to upgrade the existing steam boilers. The impact of including the cost of carbon resulted in increasing the level of savings by nearly 12% and overall improving the TARR of the project.

C12. Engagement
C12.1
(C12.1) Do you engage with your value chain on climate-related issues?
Yes, our suppliers
Yes, our customers/clients
Yes, other partners in the value chain
C12.1a
(C12.1a) Provide details of your climate-related supplier engagement strategy.
Type of engagement
Engagement & incentivization (changing supplier behavior)
Details of engagement
Run an engagement campaign to educate suppliers about climate change
% of suppliers by number
4
% total procurement spend (direct and indirect)
72
% of supplier-related Scope 3 emissions as reported in C6.5
32.5
Rationale for the coverage of your engagement
We have more than 1500 production suppliers and 10,000 indirect suppliers with an annual spend of approximately $134 billion (USD).
While we engage with only 4.0% of the total number of suppliers, they represent 72% of our total spend, 91.7% of our spend in the purchased goods and services and 32.9% of our spend in the capital goods categories of our Scope 3 emissions (equating to a coverage of 86.7% of Scope 3 Category 1 & 2 emissions)
Therefore, this group of suppliers represent the greatest opportunity to reduce our collective footprint. Our engagement focuses on making our suppliers aware of the importance of climate change.
We do this by sharing Ford’s commitments and helping suppliers set their own science-based CO2 reduction targets. We provide suppliers with information about developing a CO2 inventory (GHG Protocol guidance) and setting science-based targets (SBTi preferred). We also ask our suppliers to set goals for reaching carbon neutrality or net-zero.
We shared Ford facilities’ best practices in reducing our environmental footprint with key suppliers through our Partnership for a Cleaner Environment (PACE) program and in Manufactures 2030 (M2030.) In 2022, Ford announced their strategic partnership with M2030 to enhance supply chain sustainability.
In 2021, Ford communicated updated supplier environmental requirements via our Supplier Code of Conduct, including the requirement to establish science-based GHG reduction targets and report Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions upon request. Ford suppliers are required to minimize their impact on climate change by establishing science-based GHG reduction targets. We continue to collect data through the CDP supply chain questionnaire.
We have set goals for increasing our data collection from suppliers through CDP and internal systems to improve both their emissions and our understanding of our supply chain impact.
Impact of engagement, including measures of success
Ford’s measure of success for this engagement activity was a target of 80% response rate to the CDP supply chain questionnaire, but in 2022 we expanded the number of invited suppliers significantly to further cascade climate change commitments.
In 2022, 67% of suppliers responded. While this percentage is below our measure of success, the absolute number of responding suppliers increased from 261 in 2021 to 313 in 2022.
The impact of the engagement is measured by comparing year-over-year performance on key indicators.
The impact of this engagement is that the number of responding suppliers who disclosed their Scope 1, Scope 2, and Upstream Scope 3 emissions increased from 146 in 2021 to 158 in 2022; the % of requested suppliers reporting Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions verification increased from 41% to 44%; and suppliers with SBTi approved targets increased from 22% in 2021 to 24% in 2022 (by spend coverage).
In 2022, the number of Ford suppliers in industries directly related to automotive production (by Ford spend coverage) who reported validated emissions data increased by 14% compared to 2021.
Comment
In addition to CDP, in 2022, Ford engaged all direct suppliers in phase 2 of our Ford Carbon Neutrality campaign. These suppliers represent 100% of Ford's production spend. 100% of production suppliers were asked to provide GHG reduction targets by December 31, 2022.
Type of engagement
Engagement & incentivization (changing supplier behavior)
Details of engagement
Other, please specify (Engage with non-responding suppliers through the purchasing organization, including sharing FAQs, external resources, and cross-industry best practices. )
% of suppliers by number
1.5
% total procurement spend (direct and indirect)
5.7
% of supplier-related Scope 3 emissions as reported in C6.5
6.9
Rationale for the coverage of your engagement
This engagement included the non-responding suppliers to Ford’s 2022 CDP Supply Chain request (152 suppliers). They represent 1.5% of suppliers by number, 5.7% by spend, and equate to a coverage of 6.9% of Scope 3 Category 1 & 2 emissions).
Impact of engagement, including measures of success
Impact of engagement from 2022 will be demonstrated in 2023 CDP response rate. In previous years, engagement has increased both the quantity and the quality of supplier responses in the following year (see Impact of engagement for previous example).
Comment
Type of engagement
Engagement & incentivization (changing supplier behavior)
Details of engagement
Other, please specify (In 2022, a Carbon Neutrality Supplier Survey was made available to all Ford production and indirect suppliers who were in the Ford Supplier Portal. The survey included a request for a science-based GHG reduction target.)
% of suppliers by number
100
% total procurement spend (direct and indirect)
100
% of supplier-related Scope 3 emissions as reported in C6.5
100
Rationale for the coverage of your engagement
In 2022, the Carbon Neutrality Supplier Survey was made available to all production suppliers and indirect suppliers through the Ford Supplier Portal, which represented 100% of global spend.
Suppliers were required to provide a science-based GHG emission reduction target in the survey by December 31, 2022. 16% of production suppliers and indirect suppliers responded to the survey. As these suppliers reflect various revenues and industries we expect their spend and emissions coverage to be near 16%.
Impact of engagement, including measures of success
Impact of engagement from 2023 will be demonstrated in 2024. This has also provided data to support future engagement strategy to achieve Ford's Carbon Neutrality aspiration for Scope 3 emissions. The measure of success is suppliers setting a science based carbon neutrality target.
Comment
C12.1b
(C12.1b) Give details of your climate-related engagement strategy with your customers.
Type of engagement & Details of engagement
Education/information sharing	Run an engagement campaign to educate customers about the climate change impacts of (using) your products, goods, and/or services
% of customers by number
18.17
% of customer - related Scope 3 emissions as reported in C6.5
Please explain the rationale for selecting this group of customers and scope of engagement
Ford is serious about reducing carbon emissions and preserving the planet for future generations, and it is taking dramatic steps in order to do so. Ford is targeting carbon neutrality in Europe by 2035 across manufacturing, logistics and the supply base. However, preserving the planet and building a safer, healthier world requires more than electrified vehicles - in fact sometimes it requires no vehicle at all. This is why Ford launched the Park the Car Initiative, to encourage people to make healthy and informed choices about their travel habits, especially for short journeys. Walking and cycling can help improve both physical and mental health, as well as ease traffic congestion in built-up areas. Taking care of the environment is a shared responsibility, and swapping just one car journey a day for active travel can reduce a person’s daily carbon footprint.

The Park the Car Initiative has been implemented in Europe, engaging the European market by raising awareness through campaigns and initiatives as well as partnering with local authorities and businesses to enable as many people as possible to Park the Car (example, Ride London). The initiative reached 14,122,654 potential customers and 2,565,642 potential customers engaged with Ford's advertisements. 2,565,642/14,122,654=0.1817x100%=18.17%. The European market was selected due to its established active (cycling, etc.) infrastructure.
Impact of engagement, including measures of success
We measure the success of the Park the Car Initiative by the % of potential customers who engaged with Ford advertising efforts through various mediums. A threshold above 15% is considered a success. The initiative reached 14,122,654 potential customers and 2,565,642 potential customers engaged with Ford's advertisements. 2,565,642/14,122,654=0.1817x100%=18.17%.

Raising awareness was the key priority for this initiative. Whilst difficult to measure we believe this initiative resulted in some Ford customers and potential customers to park their cars and in doing so reduce their daily carbon footprint, we know we have inspired employees to Park the Car on a regular basis and swap driving for cycling or walking on their commute to work. Additionally, active travel improves the health of all customers and reduces traffic congestion. Ford recognizes that climate-related engagement should extend beyond our current customer base and ideally should impact as many audiences as possible regardless of the vehicle they choose to drive.

Furthermore, Ford is partnering with a number of organizations, businesses and charities to enable as many people as possible to Park the Car, e.g.:
(a) Park the Car employee days: We are hosting internal activity days across our UK sites to learn more about what our employees need to swap their car for cycling or walking. We have utilized ActiveScore to identify areas for improvement across our EU facilities and in the UK we are improving changing and showering facilities as well as bike storage to make it easier for our employees to cycle to work
(b) We are partnering with Ride London: The aim is to encourage everyone to learn about the benefits of cycling and how to navigate urban areas on two wheels
(c) We are partnering with The Bike Project, a charity which repairs and donates bicycles to refugees and asylum seekers. The charity has donated nearly 10,000 bikes so far, created 35 jobs and taught more than 500 female refugees to cycle
(d) We are partnering with ESSEX Country Council Partnership to address issues which may be stopping people from being able to choose active travel. We are exploring cycling proficiency courses, family cycling lessons and motivational leader boards to encourage communities to Park the Car
Type of engagement & Details of engagement
Education/information sharing	Run an engagement campaign to educate customers about the climate change impacts of (using) your products, goods, and/or services
% of customers by number
66.67
% of customer - related Scope 3 emissions as reported in C6.5
Please explain the rationale for selecting this group of customers and scope of engagement
In 2022, Ford developed the voluntary Model e EV Program for our US dealers (our direct customers).

The new program has five key tenets:
• Dealer EV education
• Public charging at dealerships
• Transparent, non-negotiable pricing set by the dealer
• Physical experiences such as remote Pickup & Delivery
• Digital experiences as new features become available

A large portion of Ford's customer base resides in the US, making the US dealer network an important advocate for educating and engaging a significant number of customers on EVs. Electrifying our product portfolio is a critical aspect of our carbon neutrality strategy; providing EV education to our dealers is a crucial step on our path to electrifying our product portfolio. Therefore, climate-related engagement with our dealer network is a key enabler to achieving carbon neutrality.
Impact of engagement, including measures of success
We measure the success of this EV program by the % of our dealers (our direct customers) who enroll in the program and become EV educated. With a threshold of 50% or above considered a success. Nearly 66.67% of Ford’s US dealer network enrolled in the voluntary program in 2022 for a January 2024 start. As a group, these 1,920 dealers offer customers a robust network of dealers who have agreed to take reasonable steps to better serve our existing and future EV customers.

As EV adoption moves from early adopters to the mainstream, more customers are seeking an in-person experience to learn about EVs and their benefits. Supporting dealers in being able to understand and address potential customer concerns is a key impact of engagement; creating confidence in EV performance, reliability and charging network accessibility is vital for EV adoption. The Model e EV Program offers customers the convenience of transacting online directly with their dealership and the in-person support of their dealer – our secret weapon in helping more people learn about EVs and making the switch with the knowledge of a dealer network supporting them.
C12.1d
(C12.1d) Give details of your climate-related engagement strategy with other partners in the value chain.
Since 2018, Ford Germany is offering its dealers energy advice. Dealerships at around 200 locations are taking part and saving an average of around 75 tons of CO2 per year - three times more than the target set at the start of the project. The Ford concept has also received several awards, e.g.: the initiative for energy efficiency and climate protection networks of the federal government and industry selected Ford energy advice as one of the three best programs from more than 300 energy efficiency networks. We are planning to extend this initiative to Switzerland and Austria in 2024.

C12.2
(C12.2) Do your suppliers have to meet climate-related requirements as part of your organization’s purchasing process?
Yes, climate-related requirements are included in our supplier contracts
C12.2a
(C12.2a) Provide details of the climate-related requirements that suppliers have to meet as part of your organization’s purchasing process and the compliance mechanisms in place.
Climate-related requirement
Setting a science-based emissions reduction target
Description of this climate related requirement
Our Supplier Code of Conduct mandates that all Tier 1 production suppliers minimize their impact on climate change aligned with the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (Paris Agreement), striving towards carbon neutrality. It also requires that our suppliers enforce a similar code of practice and require that their subcontractors do the same. The 2022 Supplier Code of Conduct requires suppliers to 1) Report their Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions and water usage data to Ford if requested and 2) Establish science-based GHG reduction targets, action plans, and transparent reporting mechanisms. In 2021 and 2022, we have conducted a supplier survey to identify each supplier’s GHG reduction targets. If they did not yet have one, they were required to submit their targets by December 31, 2022. We are now in the process of developing a roadmap with our suppliers on our journey towards carbon neutrality.
% suppliers by procurement spend that have to comply with this climate-related requirement
100
% suppliers by procurement spend in compliance with this climate-related requirement
26
Mechanisms for monitoring compliance with this climate-related requirement
Supplier self-assessment
Response to supplier non-compliance with this climate-related requirement
Retain and engage
Climate-related requirement
Climate-related disclosure through a public platform
Description of this climate related requirement
Climate-related disclosure through a public platform CDP - suppliers must report their Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions and water usage data to Ford if requested.
% suppliers by procurement spend that have to comply with this climate-related requirement
72
% suppliers by procurement spend in compliance with this climate-related requirement
62
Mechanisms for monitoring compliance with this climate-related requirement
Other, please specify (CDP Platform)
Response to supplier non-compliance with this climate-related requirement
Retain and engage
C12.3
(C12.3) Does your organization engage in activities that could either directly or indirectly influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate?
Row 1
External engagement activities that could directly or indirectly influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Yes, we engage directly with policy makers
Yes, our membership of/engagement with trade associations could influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Yes, we fund organizations or individuals whose activities could influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Does your organization have a public commitment or position statement to conduct your engagement activities in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes
Attach commitment or position statement(s)
Ford is an automotive industry leader in addressing climate change. Our strategy is to build momentum around a comprehensive, market-based solution to lower emissions and demonstrate leadership through our actions. We believe there is strength and value in using memberships in our trade associations and coalitions to move these organizations toward positions more aligned with Ford's views on climate. This helps us develop and promote policies that benefit our customers, company, industry, and society. As a member of these groups, we make our positions known and collaborate with others.
Our climate change efforts are aligned with the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (Paris Agreement). Ford is proud to be one of the first U.S. automakers to align with the international community to limit global warming as part of the Paris Agreement. We also support the authority of California and other states to protect people’s health and combat climate change by establishing and enforcing air pollution standards and zero-emission vehicle requirements for new vehicles within their state.
By participating actively, we shape policy and drive the industry to change, as we are doing - for example, to encourage groups to align with our progressive climate change strategy.
Addressing climate change is a global issue that no company, country or organization can achieve on its own. It will require collaboration to drive progress. We will continue to work with partners in the public and private sector to show our leadership and advocate for stronger greenhouse gas emission standards, climate resiliency, Just Transition and infrastructure that help remove obstacles and build the market for electric vehicles.
Describe the process(es) your organization has in place to ensure that your external engagement activities are consistent with your climate commitments and/or climate transition plan
Our response to climate change is embedded across our business, with governance sitting at the highest level of our company, our Board of Directors. We employ a variety of governance systems and processes to manage different aspects of sustainability across our business. The Board's Sustainability, Innovation and Policy Committee is responsible for reviewing and advising Ford's pursuit of innovative policies and technologies that promote improve environmental and social sustainability. The Committee's focus reflects Ford's increased emphasis on policy relating to all aspects of our business to achieve our sustainable goals and innovation pursuits. The Committee advises management regarding the development of strategies, policies, and practices that address public sentiment and shaping policy in the areas of energy consumption, climate change, greenhouse gas and criteria pollutant emissions, waste disposal, and water use.
Ford's Vice President, Chief Sustainability, Environment and Safety Officer has primary responsibility for sustainability issues. He leads a multidisciplinary senior-level team (through the Global Sustainability & ESG Meeting - GSM) to oversee our actions in response to our climate change strategies. The GSM approves our carbon neutrality strategy and monitors progress towards reducing CO2 through metrics for our fleet, suppliers, and manufacturing. We also track metrics for low-carbon policies in North America, Europe, and China. The GSM is scheduled to meet monthly to provide strategic direction for compliance, govern vehicle environmental compliance policies and strategies, evaluate and report sustainability business environment and impact to Ford, and approve and govern each functional team's sustainability plan, long-term goals and metrics.
Ford is participating openly and transparently in the political process, supporting local, regional, national, and international policies that are economically, environmentally, and socially sustainable for our company, our customers and their communities. Ford advocates for positions which are: Science-based, Sustainable (i.e. address climate change and are aligned with the Paris Agreement), Market-based (e.g., carbon pricing), Performance-based and technology agnostic, and Harmonized. We are focused on issues including consistent policy toward electrification in all markets, an EV charging infrastructure, the carbon neutral grid, battery recycling polices, and an effective carbon tax.
Primary reason for not engaging in activities that could directly or indirectly influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
<Not Applicable>
Explain why your organization does not engage in activities that could directly or indirectly influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
<Not Applicable>
C12.3a
(C12.3a) On what policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate has your organization been engaging directly with policy makers in the reporting year?
Specify the policy, law, or regulation on which your organization is engaging with policy makers
F-Gas Regulation EU 517/2014 and UK equivalent
Category of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate  
Climate change mitigation
Focus area of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Climate-related targets
Policy, law, or regulation geographic coverage
Regional
Country/area/region the policy, law, or regulation applies to
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
EU27
Your organization’s position on the policy, law, or regulation
Support with no exceptions
Description of engagement with policy makers
Authority support for implementing F-Gas Scheme after Brexit and optimization of European F-Gas Scheme
Details of exceptions (if applicable) and your organization’s proposed alternative approach to the policy, law or regulation
<Not Applicable>
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement on this policy, law, or regulation is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Please explain whether this policy, law or regulation is central to the achievement of your climate transition plan and, if so, how?
The EU and UK F-Gas Regulation is key and the main driver for the phase-out of climate relevant F-Gases used as refrigerants in our products. Following the legislative phase-out restrictions and as part of the EU and UK F-Gas Authorization Scheme, these Schemes are forcing us to transfer climate relevant refrigerants to those with the lowest GWP.
Specify the policy, law, or regulation on which your organization is engaging with policy makers
Regulation for the deployment of alternative fuels infrastructure (AFIR)
Category of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate  
Climate change adaptation
Focus area of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Transport infrastructure 
Policy, law, or regulation geographic coverage
Regional
Country/area/region the policy, law, or regulation applies to
EU27
Your organization’s position on the policy, law, or regulation
Support with minor exceptions
Description of engagement with policy makers
The new EU Regulation for the deployment of alternative fuels infrastructure (AFIR) sets mandatory deployment targets for electric recharging and hydrogen refueling infrastructure for the road sector in EU member states. AFIR also aims to pave the way for a user-friendly recharging and refueling experience, with full price transparency, common minimum payment options and coherent customer information across the EU. Within this context Ford advocated for more ambitious targets concerning the uptake of charging infrastructure in the European Union.
Details of exceptions (if applicable) and your organization’s proposed alternative approach to the policy, law or regulation
Ford has supported the policy with minor exceptions. Main point of divergence that Ford advocated for more ambitious targets concerning the uptake of charging infrastructure in the European Union.
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement on this policy, law, or regulation is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Please explain whether this policy, law or regulation is central to the achievement of your climate transition plan and, if so, how?
An adequately developed charging infrastructure is essential for the uptake of zero emission electric vehicles. By making a minimum of recharging and refueling infrastructure available across the EU the regulation intends to end consumer concerns about the difficulty to recharge or refuel a vehicle and, thus, helps consumers to operate zero-emission electric vehicles. As Ford has announced to switch to all-electric vehicle offering in Europe, ensuring sufficient deployment of charging infrastructure is crucial for the success if the transition plan.
Specify the policy, law, or regulation on which your organization is engaging with policy makers
Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Strategy
Category of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate  
Climate change mitigation
Focus area of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Climate-related targets
Policy, law, or regulation geographic coverage
Regional
Country/area/region the policy, law, or regulation applies to
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Your organization’s position on the policy, law, or regulation
Support with minor exceptions
Description of engagement with policy makers
Authority and association support on calculation of charging infrastructure
Authorities: Office for Zero Emission Vehicles (OZEV), department for transport (DfT)
Details of exceptions (if applicable) and your organization’s proposed alternative approach to the policy, law or regulation
No exceptions, but clear message to the authority that based on our calculations (in line with ACEA) targets for charging infrastructure need to be more ambitious.
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement on this policy, law, or regulation is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Please explain whether this policy, law or regulation is central to the achievement of your climate transition plan and, if so, how?
An adequately developed charging infrastructure is essential for the uptake of zero emission electric vehicles. As Ford has announced to switch to all-electric vehicle offering in Europe, ensuring sufficient deployment of charging infrastructure is crucial for the success if the transition plan.
Specify the policy, law, or regulation on which your organization is engaging with policy makers
SI 2021/1242: Road Vehicle Carbon Dioxide Emission Performance Standards (Cars and Vans) (Miscellaneous Amendments) Regulations 2021
Category of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate  
Climate change mitigation
Focus area of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Emissions – CO2
Policy, law, or regulation geographic coverage
National
Country/area/region the policy, law, or regulation applies to
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Your organization’s position on the policy, law, or regulation
Support with minor exceptions
Description of engagement with policy makers
ZEV mandate trajectory for cars and vans (DfT)
Details of exceptions (if applicable) and your organization’s proposed alternative approach to the policy, law or regulation
Ford is encouraging a higher 2030 ambition level and a linear approach for the first years starting 2024 to also support ramping up EV infrastructure.
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement on this policy, law, or regulation is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Please explain whether this policy, law or regulation is central to the achievement of your climate transition plan and, if so, how?
Higher ambitions and ramping up of EV infrastructure supports our EV strategy
Specify the policy, law, or regulation on which your organization is engaging with policy makers
CO2 Fleet Regulation (EU 2019/631) finally amended by regulation EU 2023/851 (trialogue outcome)
Category of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate  
Climate change mitigation
Focus area of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Emissions – CO2
Policy, law, or regulation geographic coverage
Regional
Country/area/region the policy, law, or regulation applies to
EU27
Your organization’s position on the policy, law, or regulation
Support with no exceptions
Description of engagement with policy makers
Support 2035 CO2 reduction target to 100% on EC and MEP level; Review on utility PHEV-factor, Development of LCA methodology on UN ECE level. Public open letter to policy makers supporting 100% ICE ban by 2035 in EU together with other businesses supported by transport & environment (T&E)
Details of exceptions (if applicable) and your organization’s proposed alternative approach to the policy, law or regulation
<Not Applicable>
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement on this policy, law, or regulation is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Please explain whether this policy, law or regulation is central to the achievement of your climate transition plan and, if so, how?
100% CO2 reduction 2035 targets are essential to support our EV Strategy; regulation limits alternative to EVs.
Specify the policy, law, or regulation on which your organization is engaging with policy makers
UN ECE Life cycle assessment
Category of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate  
Climate change mitigation
Focus area of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Climate-related reporting 
Policy, law, or regulation geographic coverage
Global
Country/area/region the policy, law, or regulation applies to
<Not Applicable>
Your organization’s position on the policy, law, or regulation
Support with minor exceptions
Description of engagement with policy makers
Support development of a vehicle LCA methodology to reduce Carbon footprint
Details of exceptions (if applicable) and your organization’s proposed alternative approach to the policy, law or regulation
Timing and availability of Tear-n data alongside supply chain
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement on this policy, law, or regulation is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Please explain whether this policy, law or regulation is central to the achievement of your climate transition plan and, if so, how?
The development of a vehicle LCA methodology to reduce Carbon footprint helps to further analyze our vehicle carbon footprints and to identify areas to take further actions.
Specify the policy, law, or regulation on which your organization is engaging with policy makers
Euro 7 (replacing 715/2007)
Category of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate  
Climate change mitigation
Focus area of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Climate-related targets
Policy, law, or regulation geographic coverage
Regional
Country/area/region the policy, law, or regulation applies to
Norway
Switzerland
EU27
Your organization’s position on the policy, law, or regulation
Support with minor exceptions
Description of engagement with policy makers
Ensure timing is not undermining our 100% electrification strategy
Details of exceptions (if applicable) and your organization’s proposed alternative approach to the policy, law or regulation
Early timing is distracting engineering transition form ICE to EV`s. New requirements for breaks and tires require more lead time for test technology in particular these requirements will also apply to EVs.

Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement on this policy, law, or regulation is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Please explain whether this policy, law or regulation is central to the achievement of your climate transition plan and, if so, how?
Timing could distract us from our 100 % electrification strategy.
C12.3b
(C12.3b) Provide details of the trade associations your organization is a member of, or engages with, which are likely to take a position on any policy, law or regulation that may impact the climate.
Trade association
Other, please specify (Asociatia Constructorilor de Automobile din Romania (ACAROM) )
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Consistent
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
Yes, and they have changed their position 
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
The advocacy agenda of the association is built up following consultations with the member companies and the board members (Ford Romania Services is a board member for Acarom). Relevant meetings and events involving authorities are attended by Board Members therefore allowing members to maintain a regular and collaborative dialogue with relevant authorities for increased predictability and for a stable regulatory context that can positively impact the business environment. We were able in many instances to support the wider advocacy agenda of the automotive sector by including relevant topics of interest between the current priorities of the trade association (EURO 7, Rules of Origin, B category driving license Directive, etc.).
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
2700
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
Membership dues in the association which deals with a variety of automotive issue beyond climate change
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Trade association
German Automotive Association (VDA)
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Consistent
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
Yes, and they have changed their position 
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
The VDA sees the EU fit for 55 package as a unique opportunity to become a global example of climate protection and economic growth. ETS is seen as a key instrument for CO2 reduction and the VDA is also calling for setting the right general conditions like an ambitious expansion of the charging infrastructure. While the VDA is asking not to ban combustion engines and a review in 2028 for targets after 2030, we with our Electrification Strategy in Europe are well prepared for potential upcoming targets.
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
360000
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
Membership dues in the association which deals with a variety of automotive issue beyond climate change
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Trade association
European Automobile Manufacturers Association
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Consistent
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
Yes, and they have changed their position 
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
In line with the Paris Agreement, the EU`s overall goal to reach climate neutrality by 2050 is fully supported by all ACEA members. As the EC new target for 2035 mandating a 100% reduction of CO2 emissions from cars and vans would result in an internal combustion engine ban, ACEA believes that all powertrain options have a role to play in the transition to climate neutrality and asking the commission to focus on innovation instead of banning or prescribing certain technologies and to ensure a plan for sufficient charging infrastructure. With our Electrification Strategy in Europe Ford is either way well prepared for potential upcoming targets.
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
550000
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
Membership dues in the association which deals with a variety of automotive issue beyond climate change.
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Trade association
Other, please specify (The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT))
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Consistent
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
Yes, and they have changed their position 
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
Automotive Sustainability Report SMMT makes supportive claims on UK net zero plan and shows key members climate support in line with Paris Agreement and technology neutrality. We influence the SMMT position positively towards support of the highest climate change goals (e.g. support for ICE Bans). Ford are in the upper quartile driving PoV towards net Zero CO2 as quickly as practicably possible
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
300000
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
Membership dues in the association which deals with a variety of automotive issue beyond climate change.
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Trade association
Federation of German Industries (BDI)
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Consistent
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
No, we did not attempt to influence their position
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
With regard to the regulatory developments within the sustainable finance sector we are closely following the discussions on EU Taxonomy Regulation as well as the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and support in general an alignment with international standards like the ISSB and seeking for guidance and clarification on implementation of these new complex reporting requirements.
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
0
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
<Not Applicable>
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Trade association
Other, please specify (American Chamber of Commerce to the European Union (AmCham EU): )
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Consistent
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
No, we did not attempt to influence their position
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
With regard to the regulatory developments within the sustainable finance sector we are closely following the discussions on EU Taxonomy Regulation as well as the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and support in general an alignment with international standards like the ISSB and seeking for guidance and clarification on implementation of these new complex reporting requirements.
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
<Not Applicable>
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Trade association
Other, please specify (Asociación Española de Fabricantes de Automóviles y Camiones (ANFAC) )
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Consistent
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
Yes, and they have changed their position 
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
Generally speaking ANFAC position is quite in line with Ford positions but we pushed them to take a more progressive positions in regulations and market incentives positively impacting our electrification strategy and other regulatory matters affecting climate protection, as National climate change law. We succeed in aligning ANFAC position to key Ford climate related priorities like product electrification strategy and footprint decarbonization strategy.
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
130000
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
Membership dues in the association which deals with a variety of automotive issue beyond climate change.
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Trade association
Alliance for Automotive Innovation 
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Mixed
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
Yes, we attempted to influence them but they did not change their position
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
The Alliance has consistently called for year-over-year fuel economy and greenhouse gas improvements. Automakers need a policy environment that reduces GHG, improves fuel economy and accelerates the transition to electrified vehicles. Looking to the future, we need policies
that support a customer-friendly shift toward electrified technologies. Ford pressed Auto Innovators to be supportive of EPA’s GHG rule and the Biden Administration’s Electrification goals of 40 to 50% ZEV by 2030. Ford’s position within the Alliance is consistent with our public view that a comprehensive standards including California provides the best path forward to accelerate the ICE to BEV transition, reduce carbon emissions and meet customer needs and expectations.
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
1000000
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
Membership dues in the association which deals with a variety of automotive issues beyond climate change.
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
No, we have not evaluated
Trade association
National Association of Manufacturers
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Mixed
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
Yes, we attempted to influence them but they did not change their position
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
NAM has called on Congress to address climate change. NAM testified before the House Subcommittee on Environment & Climate Change and shared what the manufacturing sector is doing to reduce emissions. Over the past decade, manufacturers have reduced the carbon footprint of their products by 21 percent while increasing their value to the economy by 18 percent. Ford continues to highlight the importance of climate change at NAM and pursuing a more progressive stance through:
Product actions (e.g., 40-50% electric by 2030, $50B investment through 2026 for electrification, continuing to electrify iconic brands like Mustang, F-150, E-Transit); Facilities (zero air emissions, and use of 100% low carbon electricity for all manufacturing plants) and internal/external advocacy of an economy wide carbon pricing policy.
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
499999
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
Membership dues in the association which deals with a number of manufacturers' issues beyond climate change.
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is not aligned
Trade association
US Chamber of Commerce
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Mixed
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
Yes, we attempted to influence them but they did not change their position
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
The Chamber stands with every American seeking a cleaner, stronger environment — for today and tomorrow. The Chamber recognizes that our climate is changing, and humans are contributing to these changes. Inaction is simply not an option, and American businesses will play a vital role in
creating innovative solutions to protect our planet.
Ford continues to highlight the importance of climate change at the Chamber: Product actions (e.g., 40-50% electric by 2030, $50B investment through 2026 for electrification, continuing to electrify iconic brands like Mustang, F-150, E-Transit); internal/external advocacy of an economy wide carbon pricing policy; and joint advocacy on intellectual property initiatives to support ongoing U.S. research and development on advanced vehicle and battery technologies.
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
499999
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
Membership dues in the association which deals with a number of company issues beyond climate change.
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is not aligned
Trade association
Other, please specify (Engine Manufacturers Association)
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Mixed
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
Yes, we decided to terminate our membership within the next two years
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
The Truck and Engine Manufacturers Association (EMA) represents worldwide manufacturers of internal combustion engines and on-highway medium- and heavy-duty trucks. EMA works with
government and industry to help the nation achieve its goals of cleaner air and safer highways and to ensure that environmental and safety standards and regulations are technologically feasible,
cost-effective, and provide safety and environmental benefits. Better fuel efficiency is a key customer
demand in the commercial vehicle sector, and EMA members continuously work to introduce better and more efficient technologies and systems into the marketplace. Because improved efficiency also results in lower greenhouse gas emissions, engine and truck manufacturers’ efforts to improve fuel
efficiency for our customers align well with the overall goals of the regulation proposed today.
We both support continuous reduction to GHG emissions from heavy duty vehicles while maintaining their capability and one national standard. Ford supports introduction of heavy-duty ZEV
technologies as they become feasible. As of 2023, Ford is no longer a member of the Engine
Manufacturers Association.
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
499999
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
Membership dues in the association which deals with a number of company issues beyond climate change.
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is not aligned
Trade association
Other, please specify (Electric Drive Transportation Association)
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Consistent
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
No, we did not attempt to influence their position
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
The Electric Drive Transportation Association (EDTA) is a trade association promoting battery, hybrid, plug-in hybrid and fuel cell electric drive technologies and infrastructure. They conduct public policy advocacy, education, industry networking, and conferences that engage industry, academia, policymakers and the public. EDTA's membership includes the entire electric drive value chain, including vehicle, battery and component manufacturers, electricity providers, and smart grid and infrastructure developers. Collectively, our members are developing and deploying technologies that advance the electrification of transportation.
Their climate change position is:
* Achieving net-zero emissions transportation for all Americans is a critically important goal that requires a comprehensive effort across multiple sectors of the economy to electrify transportation
* U.S. leadership in this effort to electrify transportation will secure our economic future while driving innovation that reduces emissions, creates jobs and boosts investment opportunities in our communities and across all segments of the economy
* To secure our leadership, the U.S. should implement an aggressive five-year plan that catalyzes growth with significant, long-term investments in market expansion and accelerates technology development and deployment for cross-sector adoption of e-mobility

EDTA is aligned with Ford on the need to accelerate the ICE to BEV transition where we are aligned on for extending/expanding EV incentives including consumer tax credit, commercial incentives for BEV, EV charging, investment tax credit for US facilities for BEV components like batteries.
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
99999
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
Membership dues
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
C12.3c
(C12.3c) Provide details of the funding you provided to other organizations or individuals in the reporting year whose activities could influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate.
Type of organization or individual
Other, please specify (ZEMO partnership)
State the organization or individual to which you provided funding
A UK public-private partnership accelerating transport to zero emissions
Funding figure your organization provided to this organization or individual in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
7300
Describe the aim of this funding and how it could influence policy, law or regulation that may impact the climate
ZEMO has a broad range of environmentally concerned members, and has close ties to the UK Dept for Transport, and is, therefore, able to carry very progressive EV positioning that suits the Ford agenda.
Have you evaluated whether this funding is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Type of organization or individual
Other, please specify (Platform for electromobility )
State the organization or individual to which you provided funding
The Platform for electromobility unites 40+ organizations from across civil society, industries, cities and across all transport modes. Its members are committed to promote electromobility and strive to collectively develop solutions to electrify European transport, and to promote those solutions to the EU institutions and EU Member States.
Funding figure your organization provided to this organization or individual in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
500
Describe the aim of this funding and how it could influence policy, law or regulation that may impact the climate
The aim of our funding is to promote electromobility and strive to collectively develop policy solutions to electrify European transport, all in line with Ford’s climate transition and zero-emission mobility plans in Europe.
The vision of the Platform for electromobility is a sustainable, multimodal transport system in which people and goods are moved across land, inland waterways, sea and air in Europe using exclusively fossil-free electricity. To reach its vision, the Platform unites all sectors constituting the electromobility ecosystem to pragmatically ensure the conditions for the full electrification of new light-duty vehicles by 2035, and build a sustainable European zero-emission transport system by collectively sharing their expertise, challenges and solutions.
Have you evaluated whether this funding is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Type of organization or individual
Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) or charitable organization
State the organization or individual to which you provided funding
Ceres
Funding figure your organization provided to this organization or individual in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
50000
Describe the aim of this funding and how it could influence policy, law or regulation that may impact the climate
Ceres is a nonprofit organization transforming the economy to build a just and sustainable future for people and the planet. We work with the most influential capital market leaders to solve the world’s greatest sustainability challenges. Through our powerful networks and global collaborations of investors, companies and nonprofits, we drive action and inspire equitable market-based and policy solutions throughout the economy.
Have you evaluated whether this funding is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Type of organization or individual
Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) or charitable organization
State the organization or individual to which you provided funding
Corporate ECO Forum
Funding figure your organization provided to this organization or individual in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
27500
Describe the aim of this funding and how it could influence policy, law or regulation that may impact the climate
Corporate Eco Forum (CEF) is organization comprised of Fortune and Global 500 companies that demonstrate a serious commitment to sustainability as a business strategy issue. Our mission is to help accelerate sustainable business innovation by creating the best neutral, safe space for influential business leaders to exchange best-practice insights, build trusted relationships and collaborate to advance progress and drive bold change.
Have you evaluated whether this funding is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
C12.4
(C12.4) Have you published information about your organization’s response to climate change and GHG emissions performance for this reporting year in places other than in your CDP response? If so, please attach the publication(s).
Publication
In mainstream reports
Status
Complete
Attach the document
2022-Form-10-K Ford.pdf
Page/Section reference
10-K, Pages 5-34
Content elements
Governance
Strategy
Risks & opportunities
Comment
Publication
In mainstream reports
Status
Complete
Attach the document
2022-Annual-Report-Ford.pdf
Page/Section reference
Annual Report, Pages 6-32
Content elements
Governance
Strategy
Risks & opportunities
Comment
Publication
In voluntary sustainability report
Status
Complete
Attach the document
2023-Integrated-Sustainability-and-Financial-Report.pdf
Page/Section reference
Integrated Sustainability and Financial Report
Content elements
Governance
Strategy
Risks & opportunities
Emissions figures
Emission targets
Other metrics
Comment
Publication
In mainstream reports
Status
Complete
Attach the document
we-are-committed-to-protecting-human-rights-and-the-environment-policy.pdf
Page/Section reference
We Are Committed to Protecting Human Rights and the Environment, Pages 4-7
Content elements
Governance
Comment
Publication
In mainstream reports
Status
Complete
Attach the document
ford-cdp-water-report.pdf
Page/Section reference
Ford CDP Water Report
Content elements
Governance
Emissions figures
Emission targets
Comment
Publication
In mainstream reports
Status
Complete
Attach the document
ford-gri-report.pdf
Page/Section reference
Ford GRI Index
Content elements
Governance
Comment
Publication
In mainstream reports
Status
Complete
Attach the document
ford-un-sdgs-report.pdf
Page/Section reference
UN Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs)
Content elements
Governance
Comment
Publication
In mainstream reports, incorporating the TCFD recommendations
Status
Complete
Attach the document
2023-climate-change-report.pdf
Page/Section reference
Fords Climate Change Report (Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures) 2023
Content elements
Governance
Strategy
Risks & opportunities
Emissions figures
Emission targets
Comment
Publication
In mainstream reports
Status
Complete
Attach the document
notice-of-the-2023-virtual-annual-meeting-of-shareholders-and-proxy-statement.pdf
Page/Section reference
2023 Proxy Statement
Content elements
Governance
Strategy
Risks & opportunities
Other metrics
Comment
C12.5
(C12.5) Indicate the collaborative frameworks, initiatives and/or commitments related to environmental issues for which you are a signatory/member.
Environmental collaborative framework, initiative and/or commitment	Describe your organization’s role within each framework, initiative and/or commitment
Row 1	
Business Ambition for 1.5C
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Community Member
Science Based Targets Network (SBTN)
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
UN Global Compact
We Mean Business
Other, please specify (First Movers Coalition and RouteZero)
Ford joined the United States Climate Action Partnership and UN Global Compact in 2007. We have committed to the UN's Business Ambition for 1.5 C and to the New Deal for Europe initiative to devise a comprehensive Sustainable Europe 2030 Strategy. We are a contributing member to GRI and report against the current TCFD Guideline. Additional frameworks that we are apart of and report against are We Mean Business, Science Based Targets Network, and the First Movers Coalition.
C15. Biodiversity
C15.1
(C15.1) Is there board-level oversight and/or executive management-level responsibility for biodiversity-related issues within your organization?
Board-level oversight and/or executive management-level responsibility for biodiversity-related issues	Description of oversight and objectives relating to biodiversity	Scope of board-level oversight
Row 1	
No, and we do not plan to have both within the next two years
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
C15.2
(C15.2) Has your organization made a public commitment and/or endorsed any initiatives related to biodiversity?
Indicate whether your organization made a public commitment or endorsed any initiatives related to biodiversity	Biodiversity-related public commitments	Initiatives endorsed
Row 1	
No, but we plan to do so within the next 2 years
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
C15.3
(C15.3) Does your organization assess the impacts and dependencies of its value chain on biodiversity?
Impacts on biodiversity
Indicate whether your organization undertakes this type of assessment
No, but we plan to within the next two years
Value chain stage(s) covered
<Not Applicable>
Portfolio activity
<Not Applicable>
Tools and methods to assess impacts and/or dependencies on biodiversity
<Not Applicable>
Please explain how the tools and methods are implemented and provide an indication of the associated outcome(s)
<Not Applicable>
Dependencies on biodiversity
Indicate whether your organization undertakes this type of assessment
No, but we plan to within the next two years
Value chain stage(s) covered
<Not Applicable>
Portfolio activity
<Not Applicable>
Tools and methods to assess impacts and/or dependencies on biodiversity
<Not Applicable>
Please explain how the tools and methods are implemented and provide an indication of the associated outcome(s)
<Not Applicable>
C15.4
(C15.4) Does your organization have activities located in or near to biodiversity- sensitive areas in the reporting year?
No
C15.5
(C15.5) What actions has your organization taken in the reporting year to progress your biodiversity-related commitments?
Have you taken any actions in the reporting period to progress your biodiversity-related commitments?	Type of action taken to progress biodiversity- related commitments
Row 1	
No, we are not taking any actions to progress our biodiversity-related commitments, but we plan to within the next two years
<Not Applicable>
C15.6
(C15.6) Does your organization use biodiversity indicators to monitor performance across its activities?
Does your organization use indicators to monitor biodiversity performance?	Indicators used to monitor biodiversity performance
Row 1	
No, we do not use indicators, but plan to within the next two years
State and benefit indicators
C15.7
(C15.7) Have you published information about your organization’s response to biodiversity-related issues for this reporting year in places other than in your CDP response? If so, please attach the publication(s).
Report type	Content elements	Attach the document and indicate where in the document the relevant biodiversity information is located
In voluntary sustainability report or other voluntary communications
Content of biodiversity-related policies or commitments
https://corporate.ford.com/content/dam/corporate/us/en-us/documents/reports/2023-integrated-sustainability-and-financial-report.pdf
Page 58
C16. Signoff
C-FI
(C-FI) Use this field to provide any additional information or context that you feel is relevant to your organization's response. Please note that this field is optional and is not scored.
C16.1
(C16.1) Provide details for the person that has signed off (approved) your CDP climate change response.
Job title	Corresponding job category
Row 1	
The CEO, also Ford’s President, is focused on accelerating Ford’s transformation through operational excellence that benefits customers and delivers sustainable profit
growth.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
